##1
What for?
Oh God, Trip, don't turn this into a big production, please!
What -- Trip, don't give me that look!
You're going to drive me crazy!
Trip, when are you going to get rid of this?
Yes, you know how I feel about it --
You know I've had to ask you about this several --
Fine, Trip... fine...
What?! You said he's coming an hour from now!
What?! You said she's coming an hour from now!
Trip...!
What?! You told me it'd be an hour from now!
God... Trip!
No, no, here we are!
Hi!  How are you?  God it's been a while!
Hi!  How are you?  Oh it's so nice to see you, it feels like it's been forever!
Hi!  How are you?  Oh god it's been such a long time!
Hi!  How are you?  I'm so happy to see you after so long! 
By the way, you look wonderful!  
And I have to say, you look great.
By the way, you look fabulous!
And, I've got to say, you look really good!
I just asked him that...
I just asked her that...
Uh, I just asked him that...
Uh, I just asked her that...
Make yourself at home, come on in!
So, good, make yourself at home!
So, please, make yourself at home!
Well, come in, make yourself at home...
So, come in, make yourself at home...
So, please, make yourself at home...
Well, anyway... make yourself at home...
Well, um... make yourself at home, I guess...
Hmm!
Good...!  Good...!  
We're very good.
Oh, um, good, we're good.  Really good.
Oh we're good, we're good... um... Yes!
Oh, ha ha...  things are good.  
We're in our new apartment now.
Good!  Yes!  
Very good.  Some exciting things at work I'll have to tell you about.
What?  Oh, no, we're fine, this is perfect, it's so wonderful to see you!
What?  No, no, we're fine, I've been dying to see you for so long, this is wonderful!
Oh, ha ha ha!
Oh,
Aw, ha ha ha!
you've always got such nice things to say. 
that's so nice of you to say! 
Uh...
Oh, ha ha...
I forgot how flirtatious you are.  You're funny.
Ha ha!  Well, 
maybe you've already had a drink or two on the way over here, I don't know, ha ha...
Well, 
ha ha, that's kind of a bold way to say hello... uh... 
that's a... that's an interesting way to say hello... 
you're such a kidder, ha ha...
Oh, yes, 
You're so sweet.
Oh, yes, 
How sweet.
Oh, yes, let's... 
Aren't you sweet.
Oh, yes, let's... 
you're so sweet.
Oh, uh... that's sweet of you.
Oh... 
aren't you sweet.
Oh, uh... ha ha...
Oh... ha ha ha...
Uh... well... 
Uh... well... um... 
um... 
Well, come on in, make yourself at home!
Well, make yourself at home, come on in!
Well, make yourself at home!
Y -- yeah, it's -- it's great to see you!
Wha -- no, no, it's good to see you...
Uh, well, it's -- it's great to see you.
Uh, well, it's -- it's good to see you.
Oh, um...
Y -- yeah, yeah yeah...
Wha -- no, no no, it's good to see you...
Uh, well, it's -- it's good to see you.
Y -- yes, come in...
N -- no, make yourself at home...
Uh, well, come in...
W -- well, make yourself at home...
N -- no, uhh, make yourself at home...
Yes, it does.
seeing you again makes me remember the wonderful times we all used to have. 
seeing you brings back wonderful memories, really...
hmmm
Yes...
What?
What do you mean?
It is?
What, Trip, what?
It is?
Oh... geez...
Oh... god...
Pain.
Love.
So yes, seeing you again brings back good memories.
Y -- yeah, we've -- we've missed you.
N -- no, we -- we've -- we've missed you.
Oh, well, we've -- we've missed you.
Y -- yeah, I've -- I've missed you.
N -- no no no, I - I've -- I've missed you.
Oh, well, I've -- I've missed you.

##2
So, 
I'm hoping you can help me understand where I went wrong with my new decorating, ha ha.  
I'm hoping you can help me under stan
stand where I went wrong with my new decorating.  
So, I went wrong somehow with my decorating.
Yeah, 
Right... 
Right... So anyway... 
Yeah, the layout...
So, about my decorating...
With this room I was trying for a kind of post modern style...
So I tried for a certain kind of style in this room...
but it is clearly just not happening.  This is a mess.
Yeah this couch...
You know, for this corner of the room I had a desire for something... big... and bold...
So this couch seemed like the right choice at the time...
but now I can see how I should have chosen a simple, comfortable... love seat.
Yeah, the armoire...
You know, when I saw this armoire on the show floor, I thought it had such a clean, simple look to it...
So this armoire looked so appealing when I bought it...
but looking at it here in the apartment, it just looks like...  
a monstrosity! 
Yeah...
You know, I've been collecting these little glass sculptures for a long time now.
So I've been collecting these sculptures...
but now when I look at them, they give me a such a... such a headache. 
You know, when I look at this wedding picture, hanging here in this room...
So about this wedding picture here...
it obviously just does not go anymore... I mean, with my new decorating and all.
Yes, yes, this painting...
This new painting above the couch is, uh, well, a -- an experiment...
So yeah, I just bought this painting...
but when I see it hanging here, in this room...  it looks to me like an amateur painted it.
You know, everybody says the view from our balcony is fantastic...
So everybody loves this view...
but I'd really rather see some trees or something... a natural green would enhance the colors of the room so much better.
I found that at a pricey little furniture shop on the upper west side...
So that looked so nice when I bought it...
but it just... doesn't really go with everything else.
I'm sure I can return most of this, and try to start over again on this room...
Well, I plan to return most of this anyhow.  This room needs to be redone.
Trip, I can't explain it, but this room is just not working, okay?  I'm going to return what furniture I can, and redo it all.
It just doesn't seem right to pay for a painting that I could have just as easily painted myself.
Oh I didn't want my decorating to become a major topic of conversation tonight... I'm going to get it redone this week, so... 
Oh let's not bore ourselves with my decorating anymore, I'm redoing the room this week, that's all there is to it.
Ah, yes, I've been waiting for someone to say that!
Trip, he is just being honest about my decorating, which I appreciate.
Trip, she is just being honest about my decorating, which I appreciate.
Trip, don't worry about it.  Decorating is just not your thing, that's all.
Oh but I liked what you said about my decorating... Besides, I'm redoing it all this week, so...
Oh let's not talk about my decorating anymore, I'm redoing the room this week, that's all there is to it.
Really?  
What?
Well, whatever, I'm going to return most of this anyhow.  I have to redo this room.
It just seems stupid to pay for a painting that I could have just as easily painted myself.
Oh well, I guess I'm wrong then.  Ha ha.  Thanks for clearing that up.
Where's my drink?  
God I need that drink. 
I can tell I'm going to need another one of these. 
Look I already know how you feel about my decorating, let's just... move on from that topic of conversation.
Ha ha, I guess it's just the artist in me dying to get out.
Yeah... 
Oh God, Trip, please... let's not go overboard with the drink preparation.
uhh...  you and your high class drinks...
We don't need to make a big production out of this, Trip.
Trip, let's not go crazy with the drinks, okay?
Now Trip don't get too worked up with the drinks tonight...
No no, 
maybe you'd like some juice, or a mineral water?
No no, 
maybe you'd like just a simple glass of white wine?
No no, 
how about something simple, like a nice glass of chardonnay?
Trip that's not what he wants.
Trip that's not what she wants.
Trip don't force your fancy drinks on him.  
Trip don't force your fancy drinks on her.  
Trip don't pressure our friend, okay?
Trip we don't all share your infatuation with mixed drinks.
Trip maybe our friend isn't as excited by your suggestion as you are.
you'd prefer a simple glass of water, right?
you'd prefer a simple glass of juice, right?
you'd prefer a simple glass of soda, right?
you'd prefer just a beer, right?
you'd prefer a simple glass of white wine, right?
you'd prefer what you asked for, right?
Okay!  Trip, you heard him!
Okay!  Trip, you heard her!
Okay, good!
Good, okay!
Okay, Trip, that's what he wants!
Okay, Trip, that's what she wants!
So anyway,
That's Trip, always happiest when he's making fancy drinks for everyone in the room.
You know Trip, he gets such pleasure from making fancy drinks for everybody.
You know Trip, he never gets tired of making fancy drinks for whoever will indulge him.
Anyhow...
Ah, the funny thing is, Trip doesn't even like the taste of alcohol.
I sometimes wonder if Trip spends so much time fixing drinks to avoid having real conversation with the guests.
Sometimes I'm afraid Trip thinks the best way to a friend's heart is through his liver.
Trip has always been partial to winning his friends over by way of the mixed drink.
So anyway,
Yes, sometimes a simple glass of wine is better than those fancy drinks you always insist on making.
Yes, you don't need to push the fancy drinks tonight.
As for my drink...
Well, actually, I would like a glass of Chardonnay.
Yes. A glass of Chardonnay would be nice.
Um,  I'd like a simple glass of Chardonnay, thank you.
Um,  Just a glass of Chardonnay for me, please.
Um... yeah, I'll have the same.
Um... that sounds... nice.  I'll have that too.
Um, I'll have a glass of merlot too. 
The merlot sounds fine.
I'll just have what you're having.
I'm happy to just have what our guest is having.
I'm going to join our friend in what he is having.
I'm going to join our friend in what she is having.
I don't want anything to drink either.
I'm not in the mood to drink tonight. 
I don't feel like drinking tonight.
You know, I don't want to drink tonight.
Just cranberry juice for me.
Just some mineral water for me.
I just want a little sparkling water.
Nothing for me.
I don't want anything.
Thanks.
Okay, thanks.
Thanks.
Thank you.
Thanks.
Thank you.
Mmm, it's good.
It tastes good.
It's good.
What happened?
What, what happened?
What was that?
Uhh, Trip, just take it easy, you get so worked up when you're making drinks.
Uhh, Trip, try not to get so worked up when you make drinks, it's alright...
Uhh, Trip, relax, try not get so stressed out when you make drinks.
What?
You what?
You spend so much time keeping that bar fully stocked --
You say you always keep that bar fully stocked --
Oh I don't want anything.
No I don't want anything.
No, nothing for me.
I'm fine, I don't want anything.
You know, something I was thinking of --
You know, I was thinking to myself --
Trip, Jesus, I can't hear myself think!
Trip, God, do you have to do that?
come over here and sit on the couch with me.
Oh, Trip, don't put our friend on the spot like that... 
Oh, god... 
come over here, make yourself comfortable.
How about tiresome.
How about pointless.
I like that, that's a good answer...!
Trip, don't exaggerate...  it was simply a weekend getaway.
You could say that.
That's right, Trip.
Trip, darling, your obsession with that photo of yours is making our friend uncomfortable.
On second thought, I don't feel like sitting.
Trip, don't exaggerate...  it was just a weekend getaway.
you know, all the buildings there were just so old and crumbling... 
it was like everything there was falling apart... uhh.
But Trip says, that's what makes it beautiful... uhh...
Yeah -- yes, well, Trip can get overly obsessed.
N - no, Trip can get overly obsessed.
Well -- well, Trip can get overly obsessed.
Yeah -- y - yes -- no, it was just a weekend getaway.
N -- no, no, it was just a weekend getaway.
W -- w - well, no, it was just a weekend getaway.
Y -- yes, well, oh, never mind, it was a mess.
N -- no, no, well, oh, never mind, it -- it was a mess.
W -- well, oh, never mind, it -- it was a mess.
Yeah, hi, it's good to see you!
Yeah, hi, it's good to see you.
Yeah, hi, it's... it's good to see you...
Oh, ha ha ha, God, let's not talk about my parents...  we've heard enough from them tonight.
Oh, God, let's not talk about my parents, we heard enough from them tonight.
No no, you've, you've done quite enough with my parents tonight, let's not talk about them anymore... 
No no, you -- you've, you've done quite enough with my parents tonight, let's not talk about them anymore... 
Oh, please, no more talk about the Italy trip tonight, if you don't mind...
Ugh, please, no more talk about the Italy trip tonight, if you don't mind...
Oh, God, no more talk about Italy tonight, please... 
Oh, God, please, no more talk about Italy tonight... 
Ugh, God, no more talk about Italy tonight, please... 
Oh... well... thanks --
Oh... huh... thanks...
you're always so sweet to us. Isn't he sweet.
you're always so sweet to us. Isn't she sweet.
Oh, 
you always have such nice things to say. He's so sweet.
you always have such nice things to say. she's so sweet.
What...?
Ha ha... yeah... 
Well I think Trip enjoyed that. 
Oh, Trip, he's just teasing you...  It's good, we all need that once in a while.
Oh, Trip, she's just teasing you...  It's good, we all need that once in a while.
if I didn't know you better, I'd say you were flirting with me.
Funny, 
for a second there I thought you were flirting with me.
Oh, 
it's so cute when you flirt with me.
I think we'd better go slow on the alcohol tonight.
She's just being nice, Trip.
I think the alcohol is getting to her already.
We'd better go easy on the drinking tonight.
Is there something I should know about here?
What did you put in that drink of his?
What did you put in that drink of hers?
Oh, heh, you're hugging me...
Oh, uh, you're hugging me...
Oh, uh, thanks -- thanks for the hug...
Oh, thanks, uh, for the hug...
Oh, uh, 
thanks...
Oh, 
uh, thanks...
Oh, uh, 
that was nice of you...
Oh, 
uh, that's nice of you...
That's kind of you, I'm sure Trip's happy to get that.
How nice of you.  Isn't it good to see our friend after so long?
What?  No, we're fine, everything's fine... 
What do you...  No, everything's fine, we're fine... 
What?  No, I'm fine, we're fine, everything's fine... 
What do you...  No, we're fine, everything's fine... 
Trip... 
Trip, come on, that's not funny.
Oh, no, you were never the kind of person into self-help and therapy and counseling...  
I hear so much about that kind of thing, it depresses me!
Well, geez, how could they miss it?
You know I don't think it really goes with this room anymore.
What?  God, 
don't listen to him, it's just a hobby, really --
No Trip there are things I am much more passionate about than decorating, believe me. 
Ha ha, geez.
Is this really something you want to brag about, Trip?
Oh, do you like those sculptures?  I used to be so into, uh, collecting them...
Trip, your poker buddies used them as ashtrays!
These days, no, I'm not.
Oh, yeah, that new painting, I just put it up this week...  It's...
What is that doing out here?  Didn't I ask you to put that away?
His mother gave that to him.
Ugh, I need to call building maintenance to wash these windows.
Oh! well... thanks --
Oh! huh... thanks...
That's nice of you, I'm sure Trip's happy to hear that.
How nice of you to say that.  Isn't it good to see our friend after so long?
What?  Is something --
Oh... Yeah... alright... 
I mean, we're all friends here.
Trip, Trip, it's alright, our friend is just giving you a bit of a hard time tonight.  
You're a man, you can take it.
you know I love it when you flirt with me.
you know that flirting with me is only going to make me wish I married you instead of Trip.
when did you become such a flirt?
Ha ha,
it's so funny how you like to flirt with me...
Ha ha,
I forgot what a flirt you are!
She's just trying to cheer you up, Trip.
She's just trying to put you in a better mood, Trip.
Oh Trip, take it easy, he's just joking around.
Oh, Trip, relax, he's just trying to lighten you up.
Oh! ha ha, you're hugging me!
Oh! you're hugging me, ha ha...
Oh, uh, thanks -- thanks for the hug...
Oh, thanks, uh, for the hug...
Oh! uh, 
thanks...
Oh! 
uh, thanks...
Oh, uh, 
that was nice of you...
Oh, 
uh, that's nice of you...
Oh, Trip, God, that's not funny, heh.
Trip, no, that's not funny.  Come on.
Yes, it's probably Trip's favorite object in the room, besides the bar.
You know I don't think it really goes with this room anymore.
Trip, he doesn't want to hear --
Trip, she doesn't want to hear --
Trip, I've asked you to do something with that bull, 
I don't want it in this room, you know that.
Oh, that plastic ball is Trip's little security blanket he keeps by the bar.
He's always playing with it, drives me crazy.
Except for the other twenty three floors above us, Trip.
Oh... well... 
Ah it's good to see you two getting along so well.  
careful, too many compliments can go to Trip's head...
What?!
I think I'm ready for a drink.
I'll be ready for another one of these.
Trip, that was just a well-intentioned little poke in the ribs between friends.  That's all.
I think you're flirting with me to get on my good side heh.
That's funny, 
I'd guess you were flirting with me.
you're flirting with me.
Oh,
how funny, you're flirting with me.
And she hasn't even started drinking yet.
Don't get carried away Trip, she's just telling you what you want to hear.
You know how she can't handle her alcohol.
Since when have you two started flirting with each other?
It's a good thing you guys go way back, or I'd worry you were flirting with each other.
Ah it's good to see you two bonding again.  
careful, too much affection can go to Trip's head...
What?  No, I'm fine, we're fine, everything's fine... 
What do you...  No, we're fine, I'm fine, everything's fine... 
Ugh, I hope we're not going to talk about therapy or self-help or depression... 
that's all you hear about these days, it gets so tiresome...
Outlet?  What do you mean outlet?
Trip, let's not get too carried away here. 
Oh, I've been, uh, collecting these sculptures for a while now...
Trip, no --
Oh that new painting, yes, well,  I'm trying to decide if I like it...
Oh, that's --
Oh, 
Ah you seem to remember how much Trip likes compliments.
Well you're really good at saying what Trip wants to hear.
I don't... what --
what --
I hope so...
Trip, he's just kidding around --
Trip, she's just kidding around --
Okay, alright, he hears you.  Everything's fine...
Okay, alright, she hears you.  Everything's fine...
Trip, c'mon, I think he's just joking --
Trip, c'mon, I think she's just joking --
Good idea.  That's what we'll do.
It's alright Trip.  He's just having a little fun, that's all.
It's alright Trip.  She's just having a little fun, that's all.
Trip Trip Trip, he's just playing around.  It's funny, that's all --
Trip Trip Trip, she's just playing around.  It's funny, that's all --
this flirting with Trip is getting a little extreme, even for you.
I don't know, this is just... weird.
Okay, okay... it's a joke.
Should I leave you two alone to keep flirting?
No, I don't want to get in the way...
Okay, a joke.
Oh, that's --oh
Oh, 
Oh, well... you seem to remember how much Trip likes getting attention.
Well you're really affectionate tonight, aren't you.
Uhh, it's okay, you're trying to pacify us... 
we're okay, we're fine!
What?  Hey, no, there's nothing... 
you keep... 
I don't... 
no no, everything's fine... 
What?  Hey, no, there's nothing... 
you keep... 
no, everything's fine, okay? 
Oh, okay, good, we're friends... 
If I knew we were going to talk about marriage tonight, I'd have stayed in bed.
If I knew we were going to talk about marriage tonight, I'd have worked late at the office.
Well, you know, half of all marriages end in divorce these days.
Hey -- 
wait -- 
did you -- 
did you take out the garbage, liked I asked you to?
Yes, did you take out the garbage under the kitchen sink?
Okay, good, I just thought of that, that's good, I -- I just wanted to make sure.
Hey, uh -- 
uh -- 
did you -- 
did you pick up my dry cleaning?
Yes, did you pick up my dry cleaning this morning, like I asked you to?
Okay, good, I just wanted to make sure, didn't want you to forget that.
Wait, hey -- 
hey -- 
did you -- 
did you remember to call the cleaning woman, to -- to have her come over tomorrow morning?
Yes, I had asked you to call the cleaning service, for tomorrow?
Oh, alright, good, I -- I just wanted to make sure you -- you hadn't forgotten that.
Oh God, please, no talk about therapy or counseling or self-help, 
you hear about that so much these days, it's depressing!
Uhh, 
why do you keep bringing this up tonight?  
Anyway, what were we saying?
Trip, relax...
Trip, uhh, it's just furniture, okay?  This apartment is not my life, you know.  
Trip we don't want to depress our guest.
Oh, God, it's hard to believe I used to like these damn sculptures...
I was not obsessed, I was just...  
I don't know.
Oh god, let's not talk about this painting.
it's amazing how two people can look at the exact same thing and see something totally different.
Dammit, Trip, you know I can't stand the sight of that goddamn bull, I want it out of --
I don't want anything from Barcelona in this apartment...
Uhh, 
try not to encourage him.
You know Trip, I don't think your little  advice ball looks so good on the bar.
It's lame.  It's a crappy piece of plastic sitting next to your fancy crystal cocktail glasses.
Maybe you'd have preferred a view overlooking your bank account, hmm?

##3
Oh, yeah, well -- I want to ask you...
Oh, what? ... uh, I want to ask you...
Oh, um, well... I want to ask you... 
Oh, well...
Oh, uh...
Oh, well...
Uh, yes, but this room is a mess, isn't it?
Uh, no, this room is a mess, isn't it?
Uh, well, this room is a mess, isn't it?
Uh, yes, but this couch is awful, isn't it?
Uh, no, this couch is awful, isn't it?
Uh, well, this couch is awful, isn't it?
Uh, yes, but this armoire is a monstrosity, isn't it?
Uh, no, this armoire is a monstrosity, isn't it?
Uh, well, this armoire is a monstrosity, isn't it?
Uh, yes, but these sculptures are awful, aren't they?
Uh, no, these sculptures are awful, aren't they?
Uh, well, these sculptures are awful, aren't they?
Uh, yes, but it doesn't go in this room, right?
Uh, no, it doesn't go in this room, right?
Uh, well, it doesn't go in this room, right?
Uh, yes, but it looks amateurish, doesn't it?
Uh, no, it looks amateurish, doesn't it?
Uh, well, it looks amateurish, doesn't it?
Uh, yes, but a view of trees would be better, right?
Uh, no, a view of trees would be better, right?
Uh, well, a view of trees would be better, right?
Uh, yes, but it doesn't match, right?
Uh, no, it doesn't match, right?
Uh, well, it -- it doesn't match, right?
Yes, did you see Trip, someone finally gave me their honest opinion.
No, you gave me your honest opinion, which I really wanted, thank you.
Uhh, um, well, I'm really pleased to finally hear someone's honest opinion.
So,
ha, maybe you can give me your honest opinion about where I went wrong with my new decorating, uhh...  
Yeah, 
Right... 
Right... So anyway... 
Yeah, the layout...
So, about my decorating...
Uhh... I was hoping to give this room a post-modern style...
So I tried for a certain kind of style in this room...
but it's... just... not happening.  This isn't right.
Yeah this couch...
Uhh, you know, for this corner I was thinking something... big... and bold...
So this couch seemed like the right choice at the time...
but now I can see I should have chosen a simple, comfortable love seat.
Yeah, the armoire...
Uhh, you know, when I saw this armoire on the show floor, I thought it had such a clean, simple look to it...
So this armoire looked so appealing when I bought it...
but looking at it here in the apartment, it just looks like...  
ohh... a grotesque piece of furniture!  uhh...
Yeah...
Uhh, you know, I've been collecting these glass sculptures for quite a while now.
So I've been collecting these sculptures...
but now when I look at them, they give me a... like... a... headache.
Uhh, you know, when I look at this wedding picture, hanging here in this room...
So about this wedding picture here...
it simply... doesn't go anymore... I mean, with my new decorating and all.
Yes, yes, this painting...
Uhh, this new painting above the couch is, uh, well, a -- an experiment...
So yeah, I just bought this painting...
but when I see it hanging here, in this room... I don't know, it looks like an amateur could have painted it.
Uhh, you know, everybody loves the view from our balcony...
So everybody loves this view...
but I'd really rather see some trees or something... a natural green would enhance the colors of the room so much better. 
Uhh... I found that at a pricey little furniture shop on the upper west side...
So that looked so nice when I bought it...
but it just... doesn't really go with everything else.
Uhh... I'm sure I can return most of this, and try to start over again on this room...
So about my decorating, I think you agree with me. 
Well, I plan to return most of it anyhow.  This room needs to be redone.
Trip, I'm sorry but this room is just not working...  I'm going to return what furniture I can, and redo it.
Well maybe if I hadn't gone into advertising, I could have painted that painting instead of buying it...
Oh I didn't want my decorating to become a major topic of conversation tonight... I'm going to get it redone this week, so... 
Oh let's not bore ourselves with my decorating anymore, I'm redoing the room this week, that's all there is to it.
Ah, thank you, I've been waiting for someone to say that!
Trip, he is just being honest about my decorating, which I really appreciate.
Trip, she is just being honest about my decorating, which I really appreciate.
Trip, it's okay, don't worry about it.  Decorating is not your thing, that's all.
Oh but I really really liked what you said about my decorating... Besides, I'm going to redo it all this week, so...
Oh let's not talk about my decorating anymore, I'm redoing the room this week, that's all there is to it.
Oh, really?  
Really?
Uhh, well, whatever, I'm going to return most of this anyhow.  I have to redo this room.
Oh.  Okay.  I just thought you understood me, that's all.  
Hmm, I'm going to return most of this anyhow.  I have to redo this room.
Well, if I hadn't been persuaded to go into advertising, I could have been the one selling that painting instead of buying it!
Look I already know how you feel about my decorating, let's just... move on from that topic of conversation.
Ha ha, heh, I guess it's just the artist in me dying to get out, ha...
Yeah... 
So, I think something went wrong with my decorating.
Oh, yeah, well -- I want to ask you...
Oh, what? ... uh, I want to ask you...
Oh, um, well... I -- I want to ask you... 
Oh, well...
Oh, uh...
Oh, well, uh...
Uh, yes, but this room is a problem, isn't it?
Uh, no, this room is a problem, isn't it?
Uh, well, this room is a problem, isn't it?
Uh, yes, but this couch is too much, isn't it?
Uh, no, this couch is too much, isn't it?
Uh, well, this couch is too much, isn't it?
Uh, yes, but this armoire is awful, isn't it?
Uhh, no, this armoire is awful, isn't it?
Uh, well, this armoire is awful, isn't it?
Uh, yes, but these sculptures are an eyesore, aren't they?
Uh, no, these sculptures are an eyesore, aren't they?
Uh, well, these sculptures are an eyesore, aren't they?
Uh, yes, but it doesn't go in this room, right?
Uh, no, it doesn't go in this room, right?
Uh, well, it doesn't go in this room, right?
Uh, yes, but it looks a bit unattractive, doesn't it?
Uh, no, it looks a bit unattractive, doesn't it?
Uh, well, it looks a bit unattractive, doesn't it?
Uh, yes, but a view of trees would be better, right?
Uh, no, a view of trees would be better, right?
Uh, well, a view of trees would be better, right?
Uh, yes, but it doesn't match, right?
Uh, no, it doesn't match, right?
Uh, well, it doesn't match, right?
So, 
you can help me understand where I went wrong with my new decorating, ha ha.
Yes,
Mmm, right... 
Mmm, right... So anyway... 
Ugh, the layout...
So, about my decorating...
Uhh, what I wanted with this room was some kind of post-modern style...
So I was trying to find a style for this room...
but it is clearly not happening at all.  This is such a mess.
Ugh this couch...
Uhh, you know, this corner felt like it needed something... big... and bold...
So this couch seemed like the right choice at the time...
but now I can see I should have chosen a simple, comfortable... love seat.
Ugh, the armoire...
Uhh, when I saw this armoire in the store, it seemed to have such a clean, simple look to it...
So this armoire looked so appealing when I bought it...
but looking at it here in the apartment, it just looks like a...
monstrosity! 
Ugh...
Uhh, you know, I've been collecting these little glass sculptures for God knows how long now.
So I've been collecting all these sculptures...
but now whenever I look at them, I suddenly get such a... such a... headache!
Uhh, you know, when I look at this wedding picture, hanging here in this room...
So about this wedding picture here...
it obviously just does not go anymore... with my new decorating, I mean, heh.
Yeah, the painting...
Uhh, this new painting above the couch is something of a -- an experiment...
So yeah, I just bought this painting...
but, god,  you know, it looks like an amateur painted it.
Yeah...
Uhh, you know, everybody tells me the view from our balcony is so wonderful...
So everybody loves the view...
but a view of trees would be so much more healthy... I'm dying to see some green. 
Uhh, I found that at some overpriced little furniture shop on the upper west side...
So that looked kind of nice when I bought it...
but it really doesn't go with everything else.
I bet I can return most of this, and start over again on this room...
So about my decorating, I think you agree with me. 
Trip, darling, this room is just not coming together, okay?  I'm going to return what furniture they'll let me, and redo it all.
Trip, that's what you always say, but believe me, this room needs to be redone.  Uhh, first chance I get I'm going to return whatever furniture they're willing to take back.
You know, if I hadn't been persuaded to go into advertising, I could have been the one selling that painting instead of buying it!
Oh let's not talk about my decorating anymore, I'm redoing the room this week, that's all there is to it.
Ugh... let's not talk about that anymore, I'm redoing the whole place anyway.
Oh, how nice, I've been waiting so long for someone to say that!
Trip, our friend has just been refreshingly honest about my decorating, which I really appreciate.
Trip, if you can't see it, don't worry about it, you've never had an eye for these things.  
Oh but I liked what you said about my decorating... Besides, I'm redoing it all this week, so...
Uhh!
What?
Well I'm definitely returning everything in this room, it has to be totally redone.
Uhh... right, I know, I'll never be satisfied with it, I shouldn't get so obsessed about it, it's just 'not worth it'.   
Where's my drink?  
God I need a drink. 
I can tell I'm going to need another one of these. 
Well if you hadn't pressured me into go into advertising, I could have been the one selling that painting instead of buying it!
Look I already know how you feel about my decorating, let's just... move on from that topic of conversation.
Look I know you love my decorating, everybody loves my decorating.  Except for me.  Let's talk about something else, God...
Ha ha, uhh, I guess it's just the artist in me dying to get out. 
Yeah... 
So, something definitely went wrong with my decorating.
Uh, yeah, well -- I want to ask you...
Oh, what? ... I, uh, I want to ask you...
Oh, um, well... I want to ask you... 
Oh, well...
Oh, uh...
Oh, well...
Uh, yes, this room is a complete mess, isn't it?
Uh, no, this room is a complete mess, isn't it?
Uh, well, this room is a complete mess, isn't it?
Yes, but this couch is just awful, isn't it?
Uh, no, this couch is just awful, isn't it?
Uh, well, this couch is just awful, isn't it?
Uh, yes, but this such armoire is such a monstrosity, isn't it?
Uh, no, this such armoire is such a monstrosity, isn't it?
Uh, well, this such armoire is such a monstrosity, isn't it?
Uh, yes, but these sculptures are just awful, aren't they?
Uh, no, these sculptures are just awful, aren't they?
Uh, well, these sculptures are just awful, aren't they?
Uh, yes, but it -- it just doesn't go in this room, right?
Uh, no, it just doesn't go in this room, right?
Uh, well, it just doesn't go in this room, right?
Uh, yes, but it looks so amateurish, doesn't it?
Uh, no, it looks so amateurish, doesn't it?
Uh, well, it looks so amateurish, doesn't it?
Uh, yes, but a view of trees would be better, right?
No, no, a view of trees would be better, right?
Uh, well, a view of trees would be better, right?
Uh, yes, but it just doesn't match, right?
Uh, no, it just doesn't match, right?
Uh, well, it just doesn't match, right?
Trip...
Why did I let you put that up...
come over here and sit on the couch with me.
Oh, please, Trip, don't put our friend on the spot --
come over here, you'll be more comfortable.
How about obnoxious.
How about inane.
Yeah, that's a good answer, I like that...!
Uhh, Trip, I don't know what kind of --
What? 
Trip is totally exaggerating...  it was just a weekend getaway, that's all.
I liked your answer better.
You could say that.
That's right, Trip.
Trip, see, your weird obsession for Italy is making our friend uncomfortable.
On second thought, let's not sit.
Trip, see, your weird obsession for Italy is making our friend very uncomfortable!
What?  Trip, you're totally exaggerating...  it was just a weekend getaway.
you know, all the buildings there were so old and crumbling... 
everything there was just falling apart... ugh.
I would have been perfectly happy to have gone to some nice Italian restaurant here in the city, you know? 
Anyway.
Might like it?  It's a beautiful picture of the Italian countryside, of course he'll like it!
Might like it?  It's a beautiful picture of the Italian countryside, of course she'll like it!
Yes, go, take a look... 
Yes, go, go, check it out!
By the way, anybody, join me on the couch if you like.
Think of?  Ha ha.  That's easy.
Say to you... say to you... yes, good question, good question.
One word... one word... wow, that's going to have to be some amazing word...
Hey, what's wrong with that?  That's a perfectly good answer!
I liked that.
Oh, was that what that was?  Huh, I'm always the last to know.
Romance!  Oh, romance!  That was tricky!  Good one, Trip.
When in Rome, Trip...
That's right, Trip.
I'm sorry.  See Trip, I knew I should never have let you put up that picture, it's making our guest uncomfortable.
Uhh... I'll take the picture down later tonight before I go to bed.
Mmm...
You know what, I don't feel like sitting.
Trip, don't exaggerate...  it was just a weekend getaway.
uhh, all the buildings there were just so old and crumbling... 
it was like everything there was falling apart.
And then Trip says, that's what makes it beautiful, heh.  
Trip, Trip, Trip... don't go overboard with the drink preparation tonight.
Trip, you don't need to push the high class drinks thing on our guests...
Trip, take it easy, don't make a big production out of this.
Trip, don't go crazy with the drinks.
Trip don't get yourself worked up over the drinks.
Trip's getting a little carried away...  maybe you just want some juice, or a mineral water?
I think Trip is pressuring you too much... how about just a simple glass of white wine?
I think you'd prefer something simple and light, like a nice glass of chardonnay, yes?
Trip, darling, that's not what he wants.
Trip, darling, that's not what she wants.
Trip, dear, don't force your fancy drinks on him.  
Trip, dear, don't force your fancy drinks on her.  
Trip, Trip, you're pressuring our friend.
Trip, Trip, try to realize we don't all share your infatuation with mixed drinks.
Trip, Trip, our friend isn't as excited by your suggestion as you are.
you'd prefer water, right?
you'd prefer juice, right?
you'd prefer soda, right?
you'd prefer a beer, right?
you'd prefer a glass of white wine, right?
you simply want what you asked for, right?
So anyway,
That's Trip, always happiest when he's making fancy drinks for everyone in the room.
You know Trip, he gets such pleasure from making fancy drinks for everybody.
You know Trip, he never gets tired of making fancy drinks for whoever will indulge him.
Anyhow...
Trip thinks he's at his classiest when he's on the serving end of a swizzle stick.
Trip's favorite pastime is to get the blood alcohol content of his guests higher than his golf score.
Trip would try to serve you one of his high class drinks before even saying hello if he could.
My dad bought Trip a silver plated cocktail shaker for Christmas a few years back -- the rest is history.
One martini, two martini, three martini, floor...
So anyway,
Yeah, a glass of wine is seems so much better right now than one of your classy drinks.
Yeah, we really don't need the fancy drinks tonight.
So,
I was going to ask you --
Oh, I'll get it --
Trip, no, I want --
No, are you?
Oh!
Oh, it's your parents!  I'll get it --
I want to say hello --
Oh, I wanted to say hello --
Anyhow, Trip's parents...
They're sweet people, really down to earth --
So,
I was going to ask you --
No, no, we have a guest, we can let the answering machine pick it up.
Trip, please dear, don't be rude.
Why, are you expecting a phone call?
No...
It's probably just the execs at work inviting you to another one of your precious 'high class poker games'.
It's probably just the cleaning service cancelling on us again, it's so hard to find good help these days.
What?  Wait, wait, let's just wait for the answering machine...
What?  Oh, that's -- hmm, w, wait a second... 
What?  Oh, God, can we just -- let's just wait for the answering machine...!
Just hold on...
no!  Please don't do that.
Uhh, it's my dad, I can hear his voice.
Okay, he's being annoying, as usual... just -- just hang it up.
Oh, good, you hung up. I can call him back later, or in a few days, heh.
Trip, Trip, please, I don't want to talk to them right now...
No no, Trip, we're entertaining a friend in our new apartment...
the last thing I want to do is talk to my parents.
Uhh, no, they're impossible, they're always expecting me to act like the dutiful daughter, it's so annoying.
Uhh, no, they're impossible, they expect me to drive up to the house in Connecticut to attend all their stupid socialite charity benefits and parties, it's so tiresome.
Y -- yeah, no, I'll -- I'll call my parents later.
N -- no, I'll -- I'll call my parents later.
W -- well, no, I'll -- I'll call my parents later.
Y -- yeah, yeah, no, talking about my parents is just going to frustrate me. 
N -- no, no, talking about my parents is just going to frustrate me. 
W -- well, no, talking about my parents is just going to frustrate me. 

##4
Oh God, 
I hope you didn't come here tonight to be entertained...
Oh God, 
this isn't much fun for you, is it?
you're not enjoying this are you?
Trip, have you noticed, we're fighting in front of our friend.
Listen to us, we're arguing in front of our friend.
Oh God, 
I hope you didn't come here tonight to be entertained...
Oh God, 
this isn't much fun for you, is it?
you're not enjoying this are you?
Trip, it's okay if we disagree in front of our friend --
Trip, there's nothing wrong with disagreeing in front of our friend --
You don't agree?  Okay, well...
You don't agree?  Okay, well...
W -- well, yeah, we're fighting.
N -- no, we're -- we're fighting.
W -- well, we're fighting.
What?
Trip, it's okay if we disagree in front of our friend --
Trip, there's nothing wrong with disagreeing in front of our friend --
What...?
What...?
Anyway...
Y -- yeah, no, wait, what's wrong, Trip?
N -- no, wait, what's wrong, Trip?
W -- wait, wait, what's wrong, Trip?
Um, Trip, if -- if it's at all convenient, could you --
Um, Trip, if -- if you have a second, could you --
Um, Trip, if -- if it's not too much trouble, could you --
could you switch on the french souffle steamer for me?  Just... 
Just set it to le pouf.
could you turn on the mini biscotti oven for me?  Just...
Just set it to bella toasta.
could you brush some truffle butter on the crostini?  
It's all in the fridge... just be careful with the truffle butter this time...
Could you do that for me?
Would you do that for me?
I always try to make the hors doeurves preparation a joint effort.
Bubble, bubble, oil and truffles...
Trip loves to push buttons.
You have to it manually, I lost the remote.
Oh, God... 
Oh, goodness... 
I hope you don't interpret... this... somehow... ha...
Don't get the wrong idea, okay... Trip is... we... hum...
I wouldn't want you to think... Trip... or we...  hhh hum...
It's not like this kind of thing... happens...  ha...
You know, Trip has been a little... mmm... mmm... overbearing lately... this happens when he's stressed out about something...
You know, if he'd just ask me what I really feel, then... but that's not what we talk about.
I guess I've been feeling sort of... mmm... squeezed lately... between... work... and Trip... and Trip's attitudes, and...
You know, lately Trip keeps telling me how I won't ever be happy in this apartment... as if I'm some sort of spoiled child...
You know, the thing is, what I really feel, is that I just... want something that I can give my all... something that I can care about...
It's not like we're pretending everything's fine, or anything... in a way, things are perfectly fine...
You know, I don't know where he gets it, but Trip is so obsessed with what you and everybody thinks about us, how much do they like us...
You know he's always been... charismatic... and attractive... everybody likes him... it's always been like that...
You know you don't have to tell me that things aren't perfect... I mean, you can't tell me that every marriage is perfect...
I mean, I'm very very aware that things aren't... mmm... perfect... I mean I've never... I mean, even from the start, we... mmm... had...
Yes, Trip?
Yes, what?
Yes, yes, what is it?
uhh...
Wait, 
where -- where are you going?
No, it's okay, it's nobody's fault... these days everything just feels like one miscommunication after another...
Yeah... sometimes I feel everything these days is just one damn miscommunication after another...
Uhh, God, why does every conversation I have these days turn into a series of pathetic miscommunications...
Oh... that's nice of you... you know, this -- this is all just another miscommunication, I think... 
I... I can't... how...
what... I... I... how...
I... there isn't... how...
Trip is right in the other room!
Trip could come back any second!
Trip might be able to hear you!
Oh, well, that... uh...
um...
wha... you... uh...
Um... well... uh....
Tr -- Trip, dear, is the souffle rising?
Is the souffle rising?
Tr -- duh Trip, dear, did you start the mini biscotti?
Did you start the mini biscotti?
Tr -- Trip, dear, did you find the truffle butter?
Did you find the truffle butter?
Never mind!  Heh heh huh   
I swear to god, Trip has a hearing problem.
I really think I need to get him tested.
You know, Trip tells me he's a good listener, but I swear, heh even when he does manage to hear what I'm saying,
he forgets everything I tell him.
uh...
Jesus, what was that?
Trip, what happened?
What happened?
That's alright, we received four of those at our wedding.
That's alright, I was getting of really tired of that piece anyway.
Trip's like a bull in a china shop when he's angry.
Uhh!  You... wha... ah...
Uhh!  You... wha... ah...
Trip?
Trip?
Trip, are you there?
What?
I can't hear you.
Argh!
What?
Nothing, it was just the french souffle steamer falling into the sink!
Nothing, it was just the pastry dough blender falling off the shelf!
Nothing, it was just the mini biscotti oven falling onto the floor!
Nothing, it was just the tropical fruit seed extractor falling over!
So, what have you two been talking about in here?!
Who?
you've been telling Trip about interesting women at your work?
I'll take that as a yes!
Fresh?
Trip, if you want to invite fresh young women to our parties, you do that.  Don't let me stop you.
Alright...
Well, I thought of making some marscapone-cheese baked-polenta triangles,
but we're out of organic sea salt, so... 
God!  What have you two been talking about in here?
Maybe I should have stayed in the kitchen.
it's not that I don't have feelings for you... mmm... you've been a friend for a long time...
I'm... mmm... you've been a good friend for a long time, and I...
I don't know what to think... mmm... we've been friends for a long time...
you've been a good friend for a long time, I don't understand what... 
this all confusing, because you've been a good friend for a long time...
what I really just need right now... is for you to just be my friend...
what I just want tonight, if you can... is to just be my friend...
What?
Brie.  We don't have any brie.
I'm sorry, I forgot.
Look, I'm sorry I forgot the goddamn brie, alright?
What?
No, Trip, no, everything's fine, we didn't talk about anything.
No, Trip, no, everything's fine, our friend is just teasing...
I didn't want this to happen tonight...
Why does this have to happen tonight...
God, I didn't want this to happen tonight...
God, why does this have to happen tonight...
What?  Oh...  
I...
What?  Oh...  
I...
I'm sorry about... you were just trying to be nice... 
I'm sorry about... you probably meant well... 
I guess it just got to me or something.
it just bugged me for some reason.
Look, maybe you should just go back to the living room... uhh...
Look, just let me be alone for a minute... 
Look, just give me a minute, I'll be alright, everything's fine... 
Look, what you've said, tonight, I know what you're getting at...
Look, the things you've said tonight, I know what you're trying to say...
that Trip has been... overbearing, and... difficult, and...
that if he'd just ask me what I really feel, then... but that's not what we talk about...
that I'm... that I've been... squeezed... between work, and Trip... and Trip's opinions...
that Trip thinks I can't be happy in this apartment... that he thinks I'm some sort of spoiled child...
I mean if anyone just looks, they can see, that I just... want something that I can... give... that I can care about...
that we... Trip and I... we aren't... we can't...
that Trip is so obsessed with what you and everybody thinks about us... if they still like us...
I mean he's always been... charismatic... and attractive... everybody likes him... it's always been like that...
I mean, you don't have to tell me that things aren't perfect... I mean, you can't tell me that every marriage is perfect...
I mean, I'm very very aware that things aren't perfect... I mean I've never... I mean, even from the start, we... had...
Nothing, Trip, nothing!
Nothing!  I'm coming!
Look, let's just go back.  
Everything's fine, Trip,  everything's fine.
I can't... 
I'm... 
I'm going back to the living room.
we can't...  
I'm... 
I -- I'm going to go back to the living room.
Uhh, God, this is making me feel really stressed right now.  Can we just go back to the living room?
Uhh, God, this is too much at once, I just want to go back to the living room, okay?
You came in here to tell me this?  Uhh...
Is this why you came in here, to tell me this?
Alright, alright, everything's fine, let's just, let's just go back to the living room...
Everything's fine...
Trip, what are you saying in there?
What?
Yes, I know, everything's fine.
Yes, I know, everything's fine.

##5
Yeah...
You know, ever since we got married, I can't help it, I'm forever buying new furniture and redecorating,
I -- I really enjoy it --
So I normally like redecorating...
now be honest with me, agree that this room just does not work! 
Right... 
Right... So anyway... 
So, about my decorating...
All day at work I design ads for apartments like this,
and then I think, I want this style for my apartment --
Yeah I just had to have this style...
So I just had to have this style...
but... I'm wrong, it is just not coming together at all!
All day at work I design ads for stylish objects, like this couch, 
and then I think, I want to design it into my apartment --
Yeah I just had to have this couch...
So I just had to have this couch...
but... I'm wrong, I should have chosen a modest, simple love seat.
All day at work I design ads for stylish objects, like this armoire, 
Yeah I just had to have this armoire...
So I just had to have this armoire...
but... I don't know what I was thinking, this is a monstrosity!
All day at work I design ads for decorative objects, like these sculptures, 
and then I think, I want to design them into my apartment --
Yeah I just had to have these sculptures...
So I just had to have these sculptures...
but... now I can't take the sight of them!  They're revolting!
All day at work I design ads for stylish objects, like these picture perfect wedding pictures...
Yeah, we put up this wedding picture...
So we put up this wedding picture...
but... it simply does not go in this room -- it never did.
All day at work I design ads for stylish objects, like these paintings, 
Yeah I just had to have these paintings...
So I just had to have these paintings...
but... no, I'm wrong, these look completely amateurish and gauche.
All day at work I design ads for apartments with extravagant views like this, 
Yeah I just had to have this view...
So I just had to have this view...
but... I'm wrong, I simply want a view of trees and green!
All day at work I design ads for the kind of objects in this apartment, 
Yeah I just had to have this furniture...
So I just had to have this furniture...
but... I'm wrong, these things simply do not go together at all!
I could never do this, but sometimes I want to start fresh and paint free form all over the walls with a big messy brush... 
I'm sure I can return most of this, and try to start over again on this room...
No, he is just being courteous... this room is not --
No, she is just being courteous... this room is not --
You know, Trip, if you hadn't convinced me to go into advertising, I could have painted that painting on the wall instead of buying it!
I could have painted that painting on the wall instead of buying it!
Yeah.  Anyway...
Ah, thank you, I knew you'd give me an honest answer --
Does it ever occur to you, Trip, if you hadn't convinced me to go into advertising, I could have painted that painting on the wall instead of buying it!
Anyhow, 
thank you for your honesty.
Really?
Trip, I don't care what you say, this room isn't working... 
Decorating is just not what I should --
Uhh, if we talk about my decorating anymore I'm going to go crazy.
Oh, yeah, well -- I want to ask you...
Oh, yeah ... I, uh, I want to ask you...
Oh, um, well... I want to ask you... 
Oh, well...
Oh, uh...
Oh, well...
Uh, yes, but this room is a problem, isn't it?
Uh, no, this room is a problem, isn't it?
Uh, well, this room is a problem, isn't it?
Uh, yes, but this couch is too much, isn't it?
Uh, no, this couch is too much, isn't it?
Uh, well, this couch is too much, isn't it?
Uh, yes, but this armoire is awful, isn't it?
Uh, no, this armoire is awful, isn't it?
Uh, well, this armoire is awful, isn't it?
Uh, yes, but these sculptures are an eyesore, aren't they?
Uh, no, these sculptures are an eyesore, aren't they?
Uh, well, these sculptures are an eyesore, aren't they?
Uh, yes, but it doesn't go in this room, right?
Uh, no, it doesn't go in this room, right?
Uh, well, it doesn't go in this room, right?
Uh, yes, but it looks a bit unattractive, doesn't it?
Uh, no, it looks a bit unattractive, doesn't it?
Uh, well, it looks a bit unattractive, doesn't it?
Uh, yes, but a view of trees would be better, right?
Uh, no, a view of trees would be better, right?
Uh, well, a view of trees would be better, right?
Uh, yes, but it doesn't match, right?
Uh, no, it doesn't match, right?
Uh, well, it doesn't match, right?
Yeah -- no -- I could have painted that painting instead of buying it, heh!
No -- see -- I could have painted that painting instead of buying it!
Wait -- see -- I could have painted that painting instead of buying it!
Yes, no, you're being honest.
No, no, you're being honest.
Hey, no, you're being honest.
Uh, but this room is a problem, isn't it?
Uh, no, this room is a problem, isn't it?
Yeah...
You know, ever since we got married, Trip is forever trying to get me to buy new furniture, and redecorate, 
and -- and it's true, I kind of enjoy it but...
So I normally like redecorating...
But, 
you have to look at this room, and admit it looks terrible.
I mean, look around, this room is... it's hideous!
Right... 
Right... So anyway... 
So, about my decorating...
You know at work I waste all day designing ads for apartments like this, 
and then it makes me think, I want this style for my apartment...
Yeah I just had to have this damn style...
So I just had to have this style...
but... dammit, I'm wrong, it is just not coming together at all!
At work I waste all day designing ads for stylish objects, like this couch, 
and then it makes me think, I want to design it into my apartment...
Yeah I just had to have this damn couch...
So I just had to have this couch...
but, dammit, it's wrong, it's all wrong, I should have chosen a modest, simple love seat!
You know at work I waste all day designing ads for stylish objects, like this armoire, 
Yeah I just had to have this damn armoire...
So I just had to have this armoire...
but... dammit, I don't know what I was thinking, this is a monstrosity!
You know at work I waste all day designing ads for decorative objects, like these sculptures, 
and then it makes me think, I want to design them into my apartment...
Yeah I just had to have these damn sculptures...
So I just had to have these sculptures...
but... dammit, now I can't take the sight of them!  They're revolting!
You know at work I waste all day designing ads for stylish objects, like this picture perfect wedding picture...
Yeah, we put up this damn wedding picture...
So we put up this wedding picture...
but... dammit, it simply does not go in this room -- it never did!
You know at work I waste all day designing ads for stylish objects, like these paintings, 
Yeah I just had to have these damn paintings...
So I just had to have these paintings...
but... dammit, no, I'm wrong, these look completely amateurish and tacky!
You know at work I waste all day designing ads for apartments with perfect views like this, 
Yeah I just had to have this damn view...
So I just had to have this view...
but... dammit, I'm wrong, I simply want a view of trees and green!
You know at work I waste all day designing ads for the kind of objects in this apartment, 
Yeah I just had to have this damn furniture...
So I just had to have this furniture...
but... dammit, I'm wrong, these things simply do not go together at all!
I want to throw it all out, get rid of everything, and throw paint all over the walls... 
Yeah...
I bet I can return most of this, and start over again on this room...
No, decorating is just -- 
There must be some way I could --
I don't know what to think. I don't know.
Ah, what a nice surprise, an honest answer!
Uhh, if we talk about my decorating anymore I'm going to go crazy.
You know, Trip, do you realize that if you hadn't convinced me to go into advertising, 
I could have painted that painting on the wall instead of buying it!
Anyhow, 
thank you for your honest opinion.
What?
But, uhh, no, decorating is not... not...
Oh, yeah, well -- I want to ask you...
Oh, what? ... I, uh, I want to ask you...
Oh, um, well... I want to ask you... 
Oh, but this room is a complete mess!
No, this room is a complete mess!
Oh, well...
Oh, uh...
Oh, well...
Uh, yes, but this room is a complete mess, isn't it?
Uh, no, this room is a complete mess, isn't it?
Uh, well, this room is a complete mess, isn't it?
Uh, yes, but this couch is just awful, isn't it?
Uh, no, this couch is just awful, isn't it?
Uh, well, this couch is just awful, isn't it?
Uh, yes, but this such armoire is such a monstrosity, isn't it?
Uh, no, this such armoire is such a monstrosity, isn't it?
Uh, well, this such armoire is such a monstrosity, isn't it?
Uh, yes, but these sculptures are just awful, aren't they?
Uh, no, these sculptures are just awful, aren't they?
Uh, well, these sculptures are just awful, aren't they?
Uh, yes, but it just doesn't go in this room, right?
Uh, no, it just doesn't go in this room, right?
Uh, well, it just doesn't go in this room, right?
Uh, yes, but it looks so amateurish, doesn't it?
Uh, no, it looks so amateurish, doesn't it?
Uh, well, it looks so amateurish, doesn't it?
Uh, yes, but a view of trees would be better, right?
Uh, no, a view of trees would be better, right?
Uh, well, a view of trees would be better, right?
Uh, yes, but it just doesn't match, right?
Uh, no, it just doesn't match, right?
Uh, well, it just doesn't match, right?
Trip, maybe our friend would prefer --
Why did I allow you to put that up...
This is your idea of an enjoyable evening with friends?
come over here and sit on the couch with me.
Oh, please, Trip, don't put our friend on the spot like that.
come over here, you'll be more comfortable --
How about oppressive.
How about suffocating.
Yeah, that's a fine answer, I like that...!
Trip, I don't know what kind of --
What?  
Trip is absolutely exaggerating, it was simply a weekend getaway, that's all. 
it was simply a weekend getaway, that's all.
I liked your answer better.
What is it with you and your obsession with Europe?  You take enough goddamn business trips there as it is!
You take enough goddamn business trips there as it is!
You want to be seen as this sophisticated traveler.
And I missed my friend's art show.
A friend from college had a gallery show of his new paintings that weekend. 
Trip, you see, your fetish for all things European is making our friend very uncomfortable!
All those business trips of yours to Europe must have done something to you.
On second thought, let's not sit.
Oh yes, heh, go look at Trip's Italy photo...
Oh no, no, go look at Trip's Italy photo...
Oh, well, please, go look at Trip's Italy photo...
Yes, yes, go take a look...
No, no, go take a look...
Oh, please, go take a look...
Uhh, 
Uhh, it's a beautiful picture of the Italian countryside, of course he'll like it!
Uhh, it's a beautiful picture of the Italian countryside, of course she'll like it!
Might like it?  
God, this evening is getting more exhilarating by the minute...
Yes, go on, check it out!  This is getting interesting!
By the way, anybody, join me on the couch if you like.
Say to you... say to you... yes, good question, good question.
How about controlling.
How about domineering.
Wait, what's wrong with that?  That's a perfectly fine answer!
Oh, was that what it was?  Huh, I'm always the last to know.
Romance?  Ha, in our marriage, that's just a code word for manipulation.
You planned that trip without even asking me if I wanted to go!
that's not the first time he's done that!
And you knew I planned to attend my friend's art show that weekend!
A very good friend from college had a gallery show of his new paintings that weekend, and I missed it!
this is making you uncomfortable.  
See Trip, was it really worth it to fly us all the way to Italy so you could take that inane picture?
I'll take the picture down later tonight before I go to bed.
Trip thinks carting me off to Europe will, how did you put it, thaw me out a little bit?
On second thought, I don't feel like sitting, uhh.
Oh yes, yes, go look at Trip's Italy photo...
Oh no, no, go look at Trip's Italy photo...
Oh, well, please, go look at Trip's Italy photo...
Yeah -- no -- Trip tricked me into going!
No -- see -- Trip tricked me into going!
Wait -- see -- Trip tricked me into going!
Yeah -- no -- Trip tricked me into going!
No -- see -- Trip tricked me into going!
Wait -- see -- Trip tricked me into going!
Oh, is that what we need...
Pssh... I knew that was coming, heh.
God Trip, you are such a wine snob.  Just like my dad.
God Trip, you're just like my dad with the whole wine snob thing.
No no, 
maybe you'd like some juice, or a mineral water?
maybe you'd like just a simple glass of white wine?
how about something simple, like a nice glass of chardonnay?
Trip that's not what he wants.
Trip that's not what she wants.
Trip don't force your fancy wine on him.  
Trip don't force your fancy wine on her.  
Trip don't pressure our friend, okay?
Trip we don't all share your infatuation with overpriced wine.
Trip our friend isn't as excited by your suggestion as you are.
you just want water, right?
you just want juice, right?
you just want soda, right?
you just want a beer, right?
you just want a glass of white wine, right?
you just want what you asked for, right?
Okay!  Trip, you heard him!
Okay!  Trip, you heard her!
Okay, Trip, that's what he wants!
Okay, Trip, that's what she wants!
You seem perfectly happy settling for less when you sneak off to that crappy little sports bar down the street!
Don't think I don't know about your secret little hangout where you watch football and drink lite beer with lowly construction workers...
If only the guys at your high class poker games knew about that, huh? 
Some habits are hard to break I guess.
That's not our anniversary wine is it?
That's not the Bordeaux we saved from our wedding, that we were going to drink on our tenth wedding anniversary, RIGHT?!
What?!
tuhh...
Trip thinks he's at his classiest when he's on the serving end of a swizzle stick.
Trip's favorite pastime is to get the blood alcohol content of his guests higher than his golf score.
Trip would try to serve you one of his high class drinks before even saying hello if he could.
My dad bought Trip a silver plated cocktail shaker for Christmas a few years back -- the rest is history.
It's a secret -- Trip doesn't even like the taste of alcohol.
Trip's getting a little carried away...  maybe you just want some juice, or a mineral water?
I think Trip is pressuring you too much... how about just a simple glass of white wine?
I think you'd prefer something simple and light, like a nice glass of chardonnay, yes?
Trip, darling, that's not what he wants.
Trip, darling, that's not what she wants.
Trip, dear, don't force your fancy drinks on him.  
Trip, dear, don't force your fancy drinks on her.  
Trip, Trip, you're pressuring our friend.
Trip, Trip, try to realize we don't all share your infatuation with mixed drinks.
Trip, Trip, our friend isn't as excited by your suggestion as you are.
you'd like water, right?
you'd like juice, right?
you'd like soda, right?
you'd like a beer, right?
you'd like a glass of white wine, right?
you simply want what you asked for, right?
Okay! Trip, you heard him!
Okay! Trip, you heard her!
Okay, Trip, that's what he wants!
Okay, Trip, that's what she wants!
How about this, you open up one of those big three gallon jugs of red wine, like your dad did that first time we had dinner at your parents' house!
like your dad did that first time we had dinner at your parents' house!
Yeah your parents would never drink these shi-shi cocktails you try to impress people with, 
your parents drink the real thing, you know, those huge gallon jugs of --
What -- no, I thought it was fun, I really liked that about your parents --
Well, of course Trip, after all, you got enough practice when you were a real bartender.
In college, you were a bartender.
Oh I know you were trying to keep it a big secret, but...
one time my friends and I went slumming off-campus to some crappy bar in the sticks, and we saw you there.
and we saw you there.
you and I are getting along so well tonight...  
Stay there for a moment...  
I want your opinion.  
Stay there.
Ugh, I'm getting so tired of looking at this god awful couch.  
Maybe if I replaced it with... um...
Ugh, I'm getting so tired of looking at this god awful armoire.  
Ugh, I'm getting so tired of looking at this god awful bar. 
Ugh, I'm getting so tired of looking at this god awful work table. 
What.
Oh, God, Trip --
Trip, what are you doing?!
Stop it, Trip!
Trip!
Trip...!
I'm sorry you have to see this --
No, Trip, no, it's embarrassing, okay?    
God.  
I don't know what's gotten into him.
How dare you embarrass me in front our friend like that!  
I'm sorry you have to see this --
This isn't what I thought this evening --
Oh, God, 
you think this is romantic?  
Okay, sure.  Romantic.  Yeah.  
Diamond ring, one on knee, the whole bit.  Yeah.  
Great.
romantic?!  Is this what you call romantic?  
If this is a dream, somebody please wake me up!
Thank you!
See, Trip, not everyone thinks being proposed to like that is so romantic.  
I don't know where you get your ideas.
I'm sorry, you didn't need to see that --
Trip, you're being a real bore tonight, let's just forget about it, okay?
No, Trip, no!  It wasn't romantic!  
You proposed to me completely by surprise, in front of my entire family, on Christmas Eve...  
What was I supposed to say?!
I'm sorry, you don't need to hear this --
This isn't what I --
Y -- yeah, stay there for a sec.
W -- wait, stay there for a sec.
W -- well, wait, stay there for a sec.
Y -- yeah, well, stay there, I want your opinion...
N -- no, no, no no, stay there, I want your opinion...
W -- w - well, stay there, I want your opinion...
Y -- yeah, no, this is just really, really embarrassing... 
N -- no, no, this is just really, really embarrassing... 
W -- what, no no no, this is just really, really embarrassing... 
Y -- yeah, no no no, that was just really, really embarrassing... 
No, no no no, that was just really, really embarrassing... 
What, w -- what, no, that was just really, really embarrassing... 
Wait...
Hold on...
You...
Um, wait...
You think I'm...
not...
controlling...
controlled...
depressing...
depressed...
afraid...
angry...
lying...
to blame...
uhh...
uhh...
uhh...
Wait...
Hold on...
You...
Um, wait...
You think I'm...
not...
loving...
loved...
communicative...
You think we should....
not...
get divorced...
separate...
get therapy...
have more sex...
have kids...
get a pet...
make art...
quit our jobs...
kill each other...
get revenge...
kill ourselves...
You think...
You don't think...
we love each other...
we hate each other...
I'm cheating on Trip...
Trip is cheating on me...
my parents...
Trip's parents...
who... uh...
Maria...
Ha ha, yeah...
Ha, yeah, ha ha...
uh...
uh...!
wha...
wha -- huh...
wha...!
uuh...
um...
uuh...!
ha ha ha ha ha, heh...
ha ha ha...
ha ha...
ha ha ha ha ha!!
heh heh...
heh heh heh...
What -- what is he --
What -- what is she --
Wait, wait -- what is he --
Wait, wait -- what is she --
uh...
what...
that shouldn't...
I -- I thought...
should we...
I -- I'm not...
Where is...
I -- I...
But...
He's...
She's...
He...
She...
His...
Her...
He just...
She just...
He is...
She is...
Yeah...
Right...
Yeah, yeah...
Right, yeah...
Yes, yeah...
get that paperwork finished....
get all those invitations taken care of...
figure out how we're going to carry all that...
make sure... uh, they don't make that mistake again...
explain that it won't happen again...
be sure they know that everything's okay...
ask if they can recommend somebody for us...
Let's get the um... the um...
We need to um... uh...
You know we really should... uh...
What we really need to do... um...
The -- the thing is, we've really got to... um...
It -- tt's really time that we... um...
It just occurred to me... uh...
Before we forget... um...
The thing we -- we've got to do is, um...
We need to check th -- that the, uh -- uh...
We need to clean the... uh...
Oh we need to make sure we -- we look at... uh...
We've got to take an -- a, a look at the... um...
We need another one of the... uh...
refrigerator light bulb thingy...
floor cleaner thingy...
the shampoo bottle thingy...
the dust ball thingy...
the metal thing behind the toaster...
that can of preserved fruit or what -- whatever it is...
that air pressure thing under the sink, heh...
that -- that electric socket in the -- in the hallway...
that plastic hair thing in the bathroom...
Oh, yeah, yeah...!
Oh, right! Right!  Yeah...
Ah, yes, right!  Yeah...
Uh good idea, yeah, yeah...
Right! Oh, yeah, uh huh, yeah...
yeah...
yeah...
yeah...
What?  Where are you going?
God... you're really laying it on thick tonight! 
You know what... I'll be right back.
No, no, stay put, I'll just be in the kitchen.
are you just trying to annoy me with this?
I really don't need to hear this right now...
Uhh, I'll be in the kitchen.
Trip --
Where are you going?   Trip --
Trip, I don't --
What?  Where are you going?
Okay... you know what, I'm going to run into the kitchen, I'll let you two enjoy some quality time to yourselves.
No, no, you two stay where you are.
Trip!  Hey...!
What?  Where are you going?
if you try to pacify us one more time, I'm going to get really upset!
Uhh...
Oh, I'll be in the kitchen.
what are you trying to say, something's wrong?  Something's wrong here?
Okay, you know what, I really don't want to talk about this anymore.
I'll be right back.
No you two keep talking about our amazing apartment and redecorating and furniture all night long, that's fine...
I'll just be in the kitchen.
Okay, okay, this is getting really tiresome...!
You know what, I'll be right back.
No you two keep talking about the bar and drinks and the amazing view and everything...
I'll just be in the kitchen.
Trip!  What are you --
Where are you going?
God, uhh, this is getting to be too much right now...!  
You know what, I'll be right back.
No I'm going to leave you two alone to keep talking about marital issues and whatever...
I'll just be in the kitchen.
Trip!  What are you --
What?  Where are you going?
goddammit, what has gotten into you tonight?
what the hell is going on with you tonight?
This isn't why we invited you over, you know!
I just don't understand where this is coming from!
Yeah, yeah...
Yeah, yeah. 
Yeah. 
Yeah, yeah! 
Ha ha ha, yeah! 
Yeah! 
Hmm... 
Oh, okay...  
You don't agree... 
What...?  
Okay...  
If that's how you feel...  
well... 
um... 
Mmm... 
um... 
uh... 
Huh... well, yeah, hold on, um...  
Uh, mmm, well, hold -- hold on.  
Mmm... well, hold on.   
Um, well, hold on, I was going to say...  
Mmm... well hold on a sec...  
Um, well, hold on, hold on... 
Hold on, let me finish.  
Well, wait, wait.  I -- I was trying to say...  
Okay, well hold on a second.  
Can I finish?  
Wait, let me finish, alright? 
Okay...  well...  
Oh, hmm... well, hold on... 
Well h -- hold on, h -- hold on... 
Oh, well, hold on... 
Oh, hmm... well, hold on... 
Well h -- hold on, hold on... 
Oh, well, hold on... 
Oh, hmm... well, hold on... 
Well hold on, hold on... 
Oh, well, hold on... 
Oh! well... thanks --
Oh! huh... thanks...
Oh... well... 

##6
That's kind of you, I'm sure Trip's happy to hear that.
How nice of you to say that.  Isn't it good to see our friend after so long?
Ah it's good to see you two getting along so well.  
careful, too many compliments can go to Trip's head...
What...?
Ha ha... yeah...  I think Trip enjoyed that a little too much.
What?!
I'm so ready for a drink.
I'm so ready for another drink.
Trip, Trip, it's alright, our friend is just giving you a bit of a hard time tonight, you're a man, you can take it.  
You're a man, you can take it.
Trip, that was just a well-intentioned little poke in the ribs between friends, that's all.
you know I love it when you flirt with me.
you know that flirting with me is only going to make me wish I married you instead of Trip.
when did you become such a flirt?
Ha ha ha,
it's so funny how you like to flirt with me...
Ha ha ha,
I forgot what a flirt you are!
I think you're flirting with me to get on my good side.
That's funny, 
I'd guess you were flirting with me, heh.
you're flirting with me.
Oh,
how funny, you're flirting with me.
No she's just... trying to get on your good side tonight, Trip.
No, she's just telling you what you want to hear, Trip.
And she hasn't even started drinking yet.
Trip, don't get too excited -- she's just being friendly.
She obviously can't handle her alcohol.
Oh Trip, take it easy, he's just joking around.
Oh, Trip, relax, he's just trying to lighten you up.
Since when have you two started flirting with each other?
It's a good thing you guys go way back, or I'd worry you were flirting with each other.
Oh! ha ha ha, you're hugging me!
Oh! you're hugging me, ha ha ha...
Oh, uh, thanks -- thanks for the hug...
Oh, thanks, uh, for the hug...
Oh! uh, 
thanks...
Oh! 
uh, thanks...
Oh, uh, 
that was nice of you...
Oh, 
uh, that was nice of you...
That's kind of you, I'm sure Trip's happy to get that.
How nice of you.  Isn't it good to see our friend after so long?
What?  No, we're fine, everything's fine... 
What do you...  No, we're -- we're fine, everything's fine... 
What?  No, I, I'm -- I'm fine, we're fine, everything's fine... 
What do you...  No, we're -- we're fine, everything's fine... 
Trip... 
Oh, Trip, that's not funny.  God.
Trip, no, that's not funny.  Come on.
Oh, no, you were never the kind of person into self-help and therapy and counseling...  
I hear so much about that kind of thing, it depresses me!
Well, geez, how could they miss it?
You know I don't think it really goes with this room anymore.
Yes, it's probably Trip's favorite object in the room, besides the bar.
You know I don't think it really goes with this room anymore.
Outlet?  What do you mean outlet?
What?  Uh, pssh, 
don't listen to him, it's just a hobby, really --
No Trip there are things I am much more passionate about than decorating, believe me. 
Ha ha ha, geez.
Is this really something you want to brag about, Trip?
Trip, he doesn't want to hear --
Trip, she doesn't want to hear --
Oh, I've been, uh, collecting these sculptures for a while now...
Trip, no --
Oh, do you like those sculptures?  I used to be so into, uh, collecting them...
Trip, your poker buddies used them as ashtrays!
These days, no, I'm not.
Oh that new painting, yes, well,  I'm trying to decide if I like it...
Oh, yeah, that new painting, I just put it up this week...  It's...
What is it doing out here?  Didn't I ask you to put that away?
Trip, I've asked you to do something with that bull, I don't want it in this room, you know that.
I don't want it in this room, you know that.
His mother gave that to him.
Oh, that plastic ball is Trip's little security blanket he keeps by the bar.
He's always playing with it, drives me crazy.
Ugh, I need to call building maintenance to wash these windows.
Except for the other twenty three floors above us, Trip.
Trip, be careful of your thoughts, they may become words at any moment.
Trip, there is nothing wrong in having nothing to say, unless you insist on saying it. 
Trip, better to understand little than to misunderstand a lot.
Trip, you can pretend to be serious you can't pretend to be funny.
Oh, that's --
Oh, 
Ah you seem to remember how much Trip likes compliments.
Well you're really good at saying what Trip wants to hear.
I don't... what --
what --
Trip, he's probably just kidding around --
Trip, she's probably just kidding around --
Okay, alright, he hears you. 
Okay, alright, she hears you. 
Trip, heh heh, he's probably just joking --
Trip, heh heh, she's probably just joking --
Trip, you're totally overreacting.
It's alright Trip.  He's just having a little fun, that's all.
It's alright Trip.  She's just having a little fun, that's all.
Trip Trip Trip, he's just playing around.  It's funny, that's all --
Trip Trip Trip, she's just playing around.  It's funny, that's all --
Oh my God, 
this flirting with Trip is getting a little extreme, even for you.
I don't know, this is just... weird.
Okay, okay... it's a joke.
what the hell has gotten into you tonight?  Should I leave you two alone to keep flirting?
No, I don't want to get in the way...
Okay, a joke.
Oh, that's --
Oh, 
Oh, well... you seem to remember how much Trip likes getting attention.
Well you're really affectionate tonight, aren't you.
Uhh, it's okay, you're trying to pacify us... 
we're okay, we're fine!
What?  Hey, no, there's nothing... 
you keep... 
I don't... 
no, everything's fine... 
What?  Hey, no, there's nothing... 
you keep... 
no, everything's fine, okay? 
Oh, okay, good, we're friends...
Oh, okay, good, we're friends... 
If I knew we were going to talk about marriage tonight, I'd have stayed in bed.
If I knew we were going to talk about marriage tonight, I'd have worked late at the office.
Well you know half of all marriages end in divorce these days.
Hey -- 
wait -- 
did you -- 
did you take out the garbage, liked I asked you to?
Yes, did you take out the garbage under the kitchen sink?
Okay, good, I just thought of that, that's good, I just wanted to make sure.
Hey -- 
uh -- 
did you -- 
did you pick up my dry cleaning?
Yes, did you pick up my dry cleaning this morning, like I asked you to?
Okay, good, I just didn't want you to forget that.
Wait -- 
hey -- 
did you -- 
did you remember to call the cleaning woman, to have her come over tomorrow morning?
Yes, I had asked you to call the cleaning service, for tomorrow?
Oh, alright, good, I just wanted to make sure you hadn't forgotten that.
Oh God, please, no talk about therapy or counseling or self-help, you hear about that so much these days, it's depressing!
Uhh, 
why do you keep bringing this up tonight?  
Anyway, what were we saying?
Trip, relax...
Trip, it's just furniture, okay?  This apartment is not my life, you know.  
Trip we don't want to depress our guest.
Oh, God, it's hard to believe I used to like these damn sculptures...
I was not obsessed, I was just...  
I don't know.
Oh god, let's not talk about this painting.
it's amazing how two people can look at the exact same thing and see something totally different.
Dammit, Trip, you know I can't stand the sight of that goddamn bull, I want it out of --
I don't want anything from Barcelona in this apartment...
Uhh, 
please don't encourage him.
You know Trip, that little  advice ball of yours doesn't look good on the bar.
It's lame.  It's a crappy piece of plastic sitting next to your fancy crystal cocktail glasses.
Maybe you'd have preferred a view overlooking your bank account, hmm?
What -- what is he --
What -- what is she --
Wait, wait -- what is he --
Wait, wait -- what is she --
stop that, it's embarrassing already, God!
we get the point, you can stop it with the praise already!
Well this has turned into such a pleasant evening.  God.
I'm really enjoying this get together, really, I am.  
either you think I have a really really good sense of humor, or you think I'm a complete idiot.  One of the two.
you're either playing a really funny joke on me, or playing me for a fool.  
One of the two.
Uhh...
if you're going to talk about marriage all night, do it around some single people.
God, 
you've got a one-track mind tonight.
I'm not the one bringing this up all the time, you are!
Okay?  You've obviously got some kind of hang up here... 
Argh, I don't want to talk about my apartment anymore!  
No, no, no more about my sculptures, you're going to drive me crazy.  
please, this is not the time or place to have a discussion about art, I'm sorry.
If I hear one more reference to alcohol tonight, I'm going to be worshipping the porcelain god.  
Suddenly I pine for a basement apartment in Queens.
Trip, what is your fascination with that stupid toy...?
Trip, would you put that thing away, it's ridiculous.
Trip, would you put away that goddamn toy, you're driving me crazy.
Trip, are you going to carry that thing around all evening?
Trip, uhh, either you get rid of that thing, or I will.
Oh God, Trip, if I have to hear that thing one more time, I'm going to go insane, please!
N - no, Trip can get overly obsessed.
Yeah -- yes, well, Trip can get overly obsessed.
Well -- well, Trip can get overly obsessed.
Well, we're all friends here...
Huh, you two really are getting along well tonight, heh...
Huh, I think I forgot how well you two get along...
Well... it didn't take long for you two to...  bond, or whatever...
Okay, well, I was worried there for a bit you were on Trip's side tonight, ha ha.
Okay, well, you and I are getting along better tonight than I first thought!
Alright, good, maybe you're on my side tonight after all, ha ha.
um... oh God... 
I'm sorry, I must be kind of distracted tonight or something...  
there's so much going on...  anyway...
uhh...  oh god... 
I'm kind of distracted tonight I think... 
it's not your fault, it's me...  

##7
I think you forgot to mention that I'm the lead designer on this project. 
Trip's quite the jet-setter alright, ha ha.
I never know where he's going or what he'll come back with. Like that tacky bull - a 'present' from our current client.
I never know where he's going or what he'll come back with. Like that tacky bull...
Oh, yeah, let me tell you about work! I'm the lead designer on a new project.
Trip's job is to use his 'charm' to woo the female clients. I suppose that's how he won this client.
Oh, yeah, let me tell you about work! I'm the lead designer on a new project.
Yes, Trip has a very persuasive way about him. He's a real charmer.
Oh god, don't bring up college...
Oh work,  ha ha.  Well, I've been working on some new concept drawings.
What I'm trying to do is...
Trip, you never want to listen to me.  He listens to the damn client more than me.
I think you forgot to mention that I'm the lead designer on this project. 
Trip's quite the jet-setter all right, heh heh heh.
I never know where he's going or what he'll come back with. Like that tacky bull - a 'present' from our current client.
I never know where he's going or what he'll come back with. Like that tacky bull...
Oh, yeah, let me tell you about work! I'm the lead designer on a new project, heh.
Trip's job is to use his 'charm' to woo the female clients. I suppose that's how he won this client.
Just the other day you got back from yet another business trip to meet with, oh, what's her name? Who was it this time?
Oh please.
You don't need to travel that much.
Uhh!
Oh -- uh, work, ha ha ha!  Well, I -- I've been working on some new concept drawings.
What I'm trying to do is...
Trip, you never want to listen to me.  He listens to the damn client more than me.
No you two keep talking about work, that's fine, that's fine...
Uhh, you are impossible...!
Ahh, I'm going to go crazy!
Oh God, I can't take anymore of this!
Uhh, you are impossible...!
Ahh, you're going to make me go crazy!
Oh God, you -- you're -- uhh, I don't know if I can take anymore!
Ahh, no, I'm the one going insane!
Ahh, no, you're full of shit!
Ahh, no, I can't take this!
I'm never happy...
Basement apartment in Queens...
You're so good at it... So good at it...
No one is complaining...
As if you could survive...
You're the only one unhappy...
I'm trying to embarrass you...
Your big bartender secret...
Your goddamn drink inventions...
Your goddamn sports bar...
Our anniversary wine!
Obsessed with Europe...
Goddamn second honeymoon...
Goddamn romance...
Thaw me out...
Romance... goddamn...
You and your damn parents...
Low class... God!
My goddamn parents...
What do my parents have to --
Your goddamn marriage proposal --
Every woman's dream...
Goddamn Christmas Eve!
Goddamn wedding picture...
That wedding picture...
Your keep things fresh...
Your goddamn brie...
God, all this... damn... praise...
So... damn... critical...
You... flirting with... Trip...
You... kissing... and...
You all keep trying to... pacify me...
Everybody is always so supportive...
Everyone tries to explain everything...
Uhh... acting so... vulgar...
Marriage, marriage, marriage...
Divorce, divorce...
Sex, sex, sex...
Infidelity... infidelity...
Goddamn... therapy...
God, that damn wedding picture...
That... damn... italy picture...
My damn work project...
That goddamn bull...!
That crappy plastic ball...
Uhh... this goddamn apartment...
This damn painting...
Your goddamn drinks....
My damn sculptures...
This goddamn view...
God, what did you say?
God, what was it you said?
I'm...
I'm not...
controlling...
controlled...
loving...
loved...
depressing...
depressed...
communicative...
afraid...
angry...
lying...
to blame...
We should...
We shouldn't...
get divorced...
separate...
go to therapy...
have more sex...
have kids...
get a pet...
I should...
I shouldn't...
make art...
quit my job...
kill my husband...
get revenge...
kill myself...
I...
Trip...
loves...
doesn't love...
am cheating...
is cheating...
am not cheating...
is not cheating...
My damn parents...
Trip's damn parents...
Goddamn Maria...
Vince...
Trip, our whole marriage, you're so... controlling!
Trip, you think you're so romantic... but no you're trying to manipulate me!
God, people trying to criticize me, tell me what to do, suppress me... it keeps happening!
How are we supposed to enjoy ourselves when you're always playing around with your drinks and cocktail shakers and your goddamn advice ball...!
How am I supposed to be happy and in love when you keep trying to act romantic and funny and all that bullshit?  How?
Don't you dare accuse me of being... sexually... un... when you treat me the way you do!
You don't think I could cut it as an artist!  Do you!  I know it, you don't think I can!
Trip, you always seem to think I am so fulfilled by decorating or something... it's just furniture!  
This apartment is not my life!  It's just furniture!
Trip, don't ever make another stupid comment about artists or paintings... you know nothing about art, believe me!
Trip, don't ever make another stupid comment about artists or sculptures... you know nothing about art, believe me! 
Trip you want this apartment to look so high class but you carry around this piece of shit plastic ball everywhere!  God!
I'm stifled, Trip!  Artistically!  I need my life to have more feeling!  Can't you see that?
You keep trying to make our lives so shallow and fake!  I don't want to live a fake life, Trip!
Sometimes I feel like our whole marriage is just for show!  I don't know what you really feel!
Trip, all this stuff you do, you're just trying to make us look like we're some kind of perfect happy couple!  Like we're so happy!
You seem so embarrassed about yourself, about your family, for no good reason!  There's no reason!
You so desperately want to be high class!  So badly!
I wish you would just be yourself!  Ever since I've known you, you resist just being yourself!  
Trip, you don't love this painting... you love how everyone else supposedly loves it!  You don't love it.
Trip, you don't love these sculptures... you love how everyone else supposedly loves them.  You don't really care about them.
Trip, you don't love this decorating... you love how everyone else supposedly loves it!  You don't care about it!
You never... call me when you're on your business trips!  You never call me, you know that?
I'm getting really upset at this talk about cheating... This is not funny....  I'm getting really upset.
No, you only like the twenty one year old girlfriends of the fricking artists I keep inviting over!
Trip, I don't know how you manipulate people to fawn all over you!  I don't know how you do it!
You're always sending these subtle flirt signals!  You're always trying to get people turned on!
I can never talk about us with you!  It never works, we always fight!
Look, I don't know what you're hinting at, but I do not want to talk about our sex life! It's not up for discussion!
Okay, I see you obviously think we're all screwed up, that we've got issues, is that what you think?  We're all screwed up?
I hate this wedding picture!  I was miserable when it was taken, I hate it!
You're saying this is all my fault... that I caused all this from the moment we got engaged.  That's what you're saying.
Are you trying to say we've got problems?  Or I've got problems, that this is all my fault from the start?  Is that what you think?
And you...
Oh, and you...
Oh, 
yeah...
I know what you're going to say, 
I can predict what you'll say...
I can predict what you'll say...
Yeah, well...
You've been praising Trip ever since you got here!
You've been critical of me all evening!
You've been flirting with Trip ever since you got here!
With all your kissing and flirting... uh huh...
You keep trying to pacify me!
The way your keep acting so supportive...!
The way you keep trying to explain everything...!
You're so positive tonight, it's driving me crazy!
You're so negative tonight, it's depressing me!
You're so quiet tonight, God!
You're so uncooperative tonight, just calm down, God!
You're so obnoxiously vulgar tonight, God!
You and your praise for Trip...
You're pretty critical of me tonight.
You and your flirtations.
You and your kisses.
You and your attempts to pacify us...
The way you try so hard to be supportive.
You seem to want to somehow explain what's going on.
You and your fixation on marriage tonight!
You and your obsession with divorce!
You and your obsession with sex tonight!
You and your infatuation with infidelity!
You and your obsession with therapy!
You and your fixation with the wedding picture!
You and your fixation with italy!
You and your harping on the work project!
You and your fixation on that goddamn bull!
You and your fixation on the crappy plastic ball!
You and your non stop talk about the apartment!
You and your fixation on that painting!
You and your addiction to Trip's drinks!
You and your fixation on my sculptures!
You and your obsession with the view!
With you bringing up marriage all the time.
With you bringing up divorce, God.
With your little hints about sex, God.
With your hinting about infidelity, God!
With you bringing up therapy, uhh.
The way you keep bringing up the wedding picture.
How you keep bringing up Italy, God.
The way you harp on my work project.
How you keep bringing up that evil bull.
How you keep bringing up that damn advice ball.
The way you keep fixating on the apartment and the decorating.
With your comments about that damn painting.
The way you keep talking about Trip's goddamn drinks.
The way you keep bringing up my sculptures.
How you can't stop talking about the view.
How I'm...
How I'm not...
How I should...
How I shouldn't...
make art...
quit my job...
kill my husband...
get revenge...
kill myself...
How I...
How Trip...
Something about my damn parents...
Something about Trip's damn parents...
Something about goddamn Maria...
Something about Vince...
Okay, you know what,  
Alright, you know what,  
I'm going to ask you something.
I need to ask you something.
Trip, let me ask our friend a question.
Trip, let me ask our guest a question.
yes or no...
Trip --
Yes or no.
What?
Yes?
No?
Do you think it's wrong for one person in a marriage to listen too much to the other?
To trust your husband or wife too much, to rely on them too much?  Is that wrong?  
Is it wrong for one person in a marriage to want more than the other?
If you want more out of life than the person you're married to does -- is that wrong?  
Does marriage have to be the most highest, beautiful, most passionate, thing in your life?
I mean, is it wrong to have other things in your life that are more passionate than your marriage?
Isn't it right for one person in a marriage to expose when the other person is acting fake?
If someone is not being their real self, not their true self, their spouse should tell them that, right?
In a marriage, shouldn't one person try to make their spouse a better person, even if they don't want it?
I mean, even if they don't actually want it, shouldn't you help your spouse understand a better way to be?
If there was a thing about yourself you didn't like, but your husband or wife likes it, is it still okay to hide it?
I mean, if your spouse likes something about you, that you don't like, are you allowed to hide that?
In a marriage, shouldn't you try to help the other person get what they want?
I mean, marriage is supposed to be about what the other person wants, not what you want, right?
A person in a marriage should fully trust the other person, right?
I mean, if you're married you have to completely and totally trust your spouse, right?
Should a married person be allowed to flirt with other people for fun?
I mean, if you're married, is it okay to do any more flirting, even if it's 'harmless'?
When you get married, you're just supposed to forgive and forget everything bad that happened before that, right?
I mean, that's what you must to do in a marriage -- forgive, yes?
Do you think it's possible to jinx a marriage?
I mean, can just one wrong thing, in the beginning, just... screw the whole thing up?
What...?!
What...?!
Oh, okay... fine...
Oh, alright... yes...
Oh, yes, that's fine... that's fine...
Look, you don't need answer, I don't need to hear anymore!
Look, don't bother answering, I don't need to hear it!
Everyone's trying to control me, for my entire life!  I can't do this anymore, goddammit!
Goddammit!  How can I be happy when you act this way, Trip?  Huh? I'm miserable!
Our entire marriage, Trip, you've been holding me back, suffocating me!  I can't do this anymore!  Goddammit!
Trip, I can't take this denial anymore...  You're suppressing yourself, you're so... fake!  I hate it!
There's no passion in our marriage, Trip, no... beauty... no anything!  It's completely and utterly devoid of everything!
Don't you see, Trip?!  Our marriage... is a sham, Trip!  Don't you see that?  It's all fake, all pretend...
Trip, this marriage is all about you wanting to become some kind of high class guy, with a beautiful wife and beautiful apartment...  That's what it is, goddammit!
You keep trying to tell me you love me, Trip, that you're so romantic, but I know you're hiding something from me, goddammit!
The real truth is, Trip, you flirt with everybody!  The clients at work, our friends, everybody, you can't help yourself!  You're always looking around, goddammit!
Just admit it, Trip, admit it, we have an shitty marriage!  We've never been really happy, from day one!  Never, goddammit!
The truth is Trip, I should never have said yes so fast to marrying you!  You totally manipulated me, goddammit!

##8
Uhh!
can you believe this?
I...
Uhh!
Oh, God...!
Oh, my God...!
Oh, yeah, yeah, right!
Oh, sure, yeah!
Oh, my God...!
Oh, that's great Trip!
Oh, I can't believe...!
Oh, don't even...!
Uhh!  Yeah, good, get away from me!
Uhh!  Yeah, good, go away!  
Uhh!  Yeah, good, get out of my sight! 
I don't want to look at you!
I can't stand you!
I can't take you anymore!
You're unfeeling!
You're cruel!
You're awful to me!
Just go away.  Go away.
Just leave me alone.  Leave me alone.
You're walking away?  
What, you're walking away?  
Don't just walk away!
You can't just say that and then walk away!
Goddammit!
Oh, God!!
Dammit, Trip!
uhh!
Goddammit...
Oh, God...
Dammit, Trip...
uhh...
oh -- uhh...
uhh...
I -- I'm sorry... this is a disaster...
we're not normally like this, I don't know what's going on...
I can't believe you have to see this...
uhh...
Look, maybe you should just leave...
Look, you probably just want to leave...
Look, if you want to leave, I...
Oh, God...
I'm sorry... this is a disaster...
we're not normally like this, I don't know what's going on...
I can't believe you have to see this...
uhh...
Look, maybe you should just go...
Look, you probably just want to leave...
Look, if you want to leave...
Oh, God...
Good!
Fine with me!
What? If you're talking to me, I can't hear you!
What? Are you trying to talk to me?
No, please, please just leave me alone for a second, okay?
No, don't -- don't come over here, please...
What, are you leaving?  
you can't leave now!
Wait, you're leaving? Now?
No, don't, please...
No, wait, please...
What? What are you saying?
What are you saying?  What?
What?!  What are you saying to me?
What are you saying to me?!  What?
Oh... 
I -- I...
Oh... 
that's...
Oh, so now you're criticizing me?
Oh, okay, you're criticizing me now?
Oh, no, what are you doing?
What, no, hey, don't -- don't say that...
Hey, stop it, goddamn it!
Oh, no, don't do that! God!
Wait, what, are you trying to explain this to me?
Hold on, wait, what, are you trying to explain this to me?
I'm not talking to you!
What do you care?
I wasn't talking about you!
What? Are you talking to me?
What, Trip?  Are you trying to talk to me?
What, I can't hear you, are you talking to me?
Trip, it's your fault -- ten years ago, freshly married and just out of college, 
you convinced me to go into advertising, instead of art!
If it weren't for you, I could be a real artist by now.
Uhh...!
uhh...
You can both go to hell. 

##9
Ah, thank you, you disagree, that might just help him!
See, Trip, you have no idea what an artist is.
you see, this is what I've had to put up with, for ten goddamn years.
I'm surprised he even remembers that.
You've -- you've really held me back, Trip.
I've wasted ten years of my life on advertising, and...  redecorating...
Ah, thank you, just knowing you want to understand really helps us...
Trip, how could I ever imagine trying to be an artist, 
when you get so angry any time I mention painting!
I can't take it anymore...
Ah, yes, just you saying that helps, really...
Uhh...
Uhh...
My problem?  You have the problem!
Ah, yes, just you saying that should help him, really...
See, Trip, art scares you or something.
Uhh...
you're saying I'm... depressed?
I get so upset when I think about it... God, I regret it so much... 
Why did I let you convince me to give up painting?
I miss painting.  
It's an ache, deep down.
You could never understand that, Trip.
oh, see, it helps just to be able to tell you this.
Uhh...
No, I -- I love painting.  I'm not -- I'm not afraid of art, like Trip is.
It's true isn't it?
Uhh...
Ah, yes, you want to know more, that -- that helps us...
Uhh...
Afraid? What are you saying?  
I -- I love painting.  I'm not -- I -- I-- I'm not afraid of anything.
Uhh...
Uhh...
Yes... I think art scares you, Trip.  
Uhh...
Ah, yes, just you saying that should help him...
Therapy?
I'm not the one with the problem, Trip, you have the problem with art, not me -- 
Uhh, 
Uhh, I don't want to be interrogated by some shrink about my life...
I don't need some goddamn shrink to tell me I'm repressed or something, okay?
you're saying I should... paint? 
See, 
all this time, I just can't stop thinking that I should have been painting!
Well, but... 
I... I... uhh...
Well, if I could be a painter, I... I -- I would...
You -- you don't think I should paint... 
Thanks for the encouraging words. 
you're saying I should... quit my job?
Actually I've been planning to quit my job for a long, long time now.  
Maybe next week.  
Oh, yes, you agree, see, that helps me...
Yeah, yeah, maybe I'll quit my job and start painting again...
I'm sorry, but that's how I feel.
you're saying I'm lying?
What?  Oh my God.  
that's what you think?
do you agree with that?
do you agree with that lie?
Oh my God... you think I'm lying!
Oh, thank God you disagree, that really helps us!
Uhh!  Trip, how dare you say that to me!  Uhh...
What?  Oh my God.  
Oh, thank God you disagree, that helps!
Uhh!  Trip, you have no idea what I'm capable of!
Oh, thank God you disagree, that might help him understand!
Trip you only say that because you so badly don't want me to be an artist!
See, you lied to me from the moment we got married, insisted I'd be better off in advertising than art.
Uhh...
See, you lied to me when you said I'd be able to take time off from work at some point, to start painting again.
Uhh...
See, you lied to me, before we got married, when you said you liked art, that you respected me as an artist.
Thank you, saying that might just help him understand!
What?
you're saying I'm to blame?
What?  Oh my God.  
that's what you think?
is that true, all of this is my fault?
Oh my God... you think I'm to blame... I'm to blame for all this!
Oh, thank God you disagree, that really helps us!
Uhh...
What?  Oh my God.  
Oh, thank God you disagree, that helps!
See, Trip, deep down, I've always been an artist.
Best for me, or for you?
Ah, you disagree with Trip, that might help him...
See, Trip, this is actually all about what you want...
You tricked me, Trip!  Right after we got married, you tricked me into giving up my dream of being an artist!
Uhh...
Trip sometimes I think my life would be so different if I hadn't married you.  
Where my art career might be by now.
Uhh...
Why did I marry you?  I knew you hated art, hated anything creative...
Uhh...
Ah, thank you, saying that might just help him!
Uhh...
Oh my God.
uhh... 
Ah, thank you, saying that might just help him!
What's sad is how you avoid talking about this...
it's like you're afraid of something...
What makes me the most angry, Trip, is what you took away from me.  
I wasted ten years in this marriage, making advertisements, and redecorating our apartment!
Uhh...
you're saying I'm... angry?
Trip, what makes me so angry is your attitude!
his attitude towards art, and artists, and everything that I care about!  
Ah, thank you, just saying that really helps!
Uhh!!
Uhh...
Don't tell me how to feel.
uhh...!
Uhh...
Ah, thank you, just saying that might help him!
See, you don't feel Trip. You don't feel anything, for yourself, deep down. 
What?
I -- I --
uhh...!
No, Trip, you don't get it, I -- I -- I don't hate painting, I...
Uhh -- uhh... no -- no...
See, 
Trip gets so annoyed whenever I want to go to a gallery, or a museum...
Or when I invite my artist friends to our parties...  he gets so angry.
Ah, you want to know more, just knowing that helps me!
Uhh...!
What?  
Trip, whatever I really said, I'm sure you deserved it.
Make art?  Trip? He doesn't have a creative bone in his body.
Me, painting?  Now there's an idea. 
Trip, what if I told you I've been secretly painting?
Ah, see, you understand, that helps me...
Uhh, this painting, well... mmm...  see, all I really wanted was something personal and, uh... beautiful and special...
But I just... mmm... no, I -- I just get so depressed and angry when I look at it!
Uhh, it just really bothers me, I can't... mmm... uhh...
Well it makes me feel like shit.
Uhh, these drawings... uhh... you know, all I wanted was to enjoy my work, to have some creative control in my job, for once!
No, Trip, you just hate my ideas, you won't let me do what I want!
Look, we obviously should not be working together!
How do you -- you -- what -- who -- who -- who are you talking about?
Uhh, my parents... uhh, they're the worst... they really screwed me up...
Ah, you want to know more, that -- that helps me!
Controlling, manipulative, close-minded -- do you realize what they did to my self confidence, growing up?
I had no hope of becoming an artist with parents like mine.
Uncaring, selfish, in their own little country club world... they're pathetic, really...
Damn it, Trip, you and my parents are always planning these stupid trips I have to go on..
Of course nobody thinks to ask me what I want. 
Uhh..
God... 
Trip, ... ugh ... I'm so sick of this. 
Oh, I get it, okay, okay, the path to true happiness is buying a bunch of fancy crap.
Shut up, Trip! 
Ah, thank you, that helps him.  
Trip, look at my parents. If money bought happiness they wouldn't hate themselves like they do. 
Trip, you just don't... uhh.
Sometimes, uhh... I feel like things just happen to me.  mmm... uhh... life is passing me by.
Oh, yes, with our new biscotti oven, how could I possibly want more? 
Thank you, that helps me. I'm glad you see happiness isn't a portable home wine vault!
Ugh...
You're saying I'm... afraid?
I think... I think... Trip and I are drifting... I'm afraid we're becoming... disconnected...
It's like I don't know who you are anymore.
Ah, yes, that helps us. 
Uhh
Uhh...
Ah, you want to know more. Thank you, that helps me. 
Trip, you all talk constantly about golf and wine and shit.  Nobody listens to me!
Trip, if you like them so much, just go by yourself. Nobody cares if I'm there or not anyway.
I think Trip's afraid of visiting his parents. He does everything he can to avoid seeing them.
No, it's true...
Ah, that helps him.
every time Trip is unhappy he rushes out and buys some new gadget.
Trip, you're the one who's always bringing home an electric lemon zester or automatic creme Brule torch. 
that helps him. 
Uhh...
You think we should see a .... therapist?
What!? You're the one who has a problem with your parents. 
I don't know, I mean, therapy...
See, Trip, that's a stupid idea. 
I've been thinking for a long time that Trip should quit his job. 
Trip! ... I just think it would be good for you to try something different.
You agree, that helps him. See Trip? A little change would be good for you.
Ah, you want to know more. That helps him. 
Oh god! 
you think I'm... lying?
What? Trip, you know what I --
oh my god, you can't believe... Ugh!
you disagree. Thank you, that really helps me. 
Trip, you're the one who needs all this stuff. 
Trip, you just pretend to like all this stuff... fancy cigars, and fine wine...
I never said that! I'm saying there's more to you than all this...
thank you, that helps us. 
Trip, I know that you like to hang out at the little sports bar on the corner.
Trip, it's alright. 
Ugh.
you're saying I'm ... to blame?
What are you talking about, I never --
Oh, God!
So your stupid wine and opera tickets are all my idea?  I hate all this!
Ah, you disagree. Thank you, that helps him.
Ugh!
Uhh...
Trip, you're the reason we live  like ... pretentious ...
Trip, I don't need any of this stuff. It's all you!
What!? I mean, why would I... need... all this?
There's nothing more to know. Trip's the one... I -- I don't need... 
Trip, why can't we just... uhh...!
All this stuff...  mmm... Having all this money makes us so happy.  We're so happy, aren't we Trip?
You both... Just get away from me!
thank you. That helps me.
Trip, see, I don't want all this stuff!
Nothing! I want nothing!
God, Trip, I can't believe even now you're still...
Dammit Trip!
thank you, that helps him. 
You both...  uhh...
God, that wedding picture... I hate it. 
You and my parents had so much fun planning everything.  Trip, the bride normally plans the wedding. 
Oh yeah, someone always needs to take care of me.  Screw you both!
yes, that helps me. 
Trip, our wedding was just one more example of how things work in our marriage.
that was helpful.
God, will this never end?
Do you hear yourself, Trip? The only thing you care about a vacation is that it's 'the best'.
ah, thank you. That helps him. 
Trip, don't you... Uhh, what's the use. 
My childhood was a nightmare. My parents never let me make my own decisions...
Trip, they were manipulative, controlling...
But, I mean, they didn't ask me what I wanted... 
See, Trip, they ruined everything for me.
Trip, why can't you be more like your parents? They're real.
I can't believe you. Trip, are you that shallow?
Oh god...
it's time that Trip finally just admits that our marriage --
Admits that our marriage is not --
Ah, thank you, just saying that helps me!
See, this -- this is how it's been for the past ten years!
Uhh...! God...!
I can't stand the pretending anymore... I can't take it!
Ah, thank you, just saying that might help him!
Trip, please, stop pretending, you've got to stop...!
Uhh...
the truth is, I...
I can't remember if there was ever really a time I felt... mmm... mmm... sure about my marriage...
I don't know... mmm... Maybe I was happy at the start, but... uhh... I just can't remember...
Ah, yes, you want to know more, see, just knowing that helps me...
Were we?
yes, it should help him to hear that it's not that simple...
Uhh...
Trip...
we... uhh...
Ah, good, you're asking questions, see, that helps...
So that's how you see it, Trip, that you're 'taking care of me'...?
That's how it's always worked with us, Trip, you always seem to know exactly what I want... 
you're saying I'm not... very... loving?
Trip...
we... uhh...
Trip, if you bring that up one more time tonight... 
he proposed to me in front of my goddamn parents, did you know that?
You know, I used to like Christmas Eve...
Uhh... 
it's not that I don't care for Trip, of course I do...
Uhh...
See,
I...
You want me to say I love you, Trip?  I can say it.  I love you.
Ah, you want to know more, good, that might help him...
Uhh...
See, 
I... uhh... I've been very lonely.
I don't... uhh...  
Trip, I'm tired of pretending that I'm happy... I can't do it anymore...
Trip...
Trip, I... we... uhh...
Uhh, Trip, come on, I'm sure I must have acted happy when you proposed to me.
Trip...
See,
Trip always says, Grace, you're the only person I've ever loved...
and I'm the only person you've ever loved...
Ah, good, just you saying that helps me...
See,
it's just really hard to deal with Trip's idealistic view of everything...
No?
Ah, you disagree, see, that might actually help him...
Hmm, I'm not sure everybody here believes you, Trip.
Well... uhh... this is the first time you've actually come out and said that, Trip.
Trip, can't you see, it's the way you speak, the way you talk to me...!
You tell me what to do, you don't listen.
Ah, you disagree, see, that really helps us...
See, Trip, you've always been this way, from the moment you proposed to me...
Uhh...
Oh my God...
Ah, you disagree, see, that might actually help him...
See, Trip, you claim you're 'reaching out', but really, you're... you're holding things back...
Uhh...
You know, I... uhh... I really don't have anyone to talk to...
Heh, my so-called 'friends', they're just jealous of us, if you can believe that...
Ah, see, those words really help us...
you've been a friend, ever since you first introduced us...
you're saying I'm... afraid?
You know, anytime we talk about the past... especially college...
I get this sharp pain in my stomach...
Ah, you want to know more... thanks, that -- that helps me...
Uhh...
Ah, you want to know more... see, that might help him...
It's just a feeling Trip, I can't explain it...
'commitment'?
Ah, you disagree!  See, that really helps us...
Uhh, God...
Yes, the truth is, yes, I think so!
Ah, you agree, see, that really helps my sanity...
See, Trip, it's that you're afraid to ask me what I feel about you.
Ah, you agree, see, that might really help him...
D -- divorced?  You -- you don't think we should get divorced?
Th -- uhh... therapy?  uhh... you think we need therapy?
you're saying I'm... a loving person?
Uhh...
Uhh...
you're saying I'm... loving?
You know, Trip is always hinting that I'm... I'm some kind of... cold, distant person...
But I'm not!  
I... I mean, I, I -- I mean, I used to be...
Ah, good, you want to understand, see, that helps me...
You remember me in college, I was very social, with all of my... artist friends...
See, the thing is, it just depends on who I'm with!
uhh...
Uhh...
Uhh...
you're saying I'm lying?
What?  Oh my God.  
that's what you think?
do you think that's true?
Oh my God... you think I'm making this up...?!
Oh, thank God you disagree, that helps...
Trip, don't tell me I'm pretending about any of this!
Trip, you keep acting like nothing's wrong, like nothing's going on here... 
Oh, thank God you agree, it might help him!
you -- you blame me for all this, don't you?
It's all from some mistake I made, that caused all this?
Oh my God... you think I'm to blame... I'm to blame for all this!
Oh, thank God you disagree, that helps!
Kids?  You think we should have kids?
Look I don't even want to talk about kids... 
Ah, good, you agree, that might just help him!
you're saying I'm... communicative?
You know, Trip, whenever I really try to talk honestly about things, you...
you don't want to hear it!
I think I'm the only one who is trying to be the most honest here.
Ah, good, you want to understand, see, that helps me...
yes, I -- I need to feel safe to be able to say things...!
You know what's so annoying, is when you pretend to be all 'romantic'!
Trip, it is such an act!
you're saying I'm... angry?
You know Trip, why do you have to bring up our stupid dating anniversary?
It's not cute, it's just annoying.
You know Trip, it's so annoying when you 'reminisce' about 'the early days'...
It was not a happy time, Trip.
Trip...
you know, we... uhh...
Trip, maybe if you didn't try to 'convince' me of things, I might want them more...?!
Trip, that's not going to solve anything...
Sex?  You -- you think we should have sex?
Uhh, 
right now, I can't even think about sex...
Oh God... 
Oh, good, you disagree with him, that might help him!
No, of course, Trip, there's nothing, there's nothing... 
Oh God... 
Uhh... do you think it helps me for you to say that?
No, no no no no no, our -- our 'friend' is just trying to... to confuse me or something... 
What...?  Are you trying to say... I might not love Trip?
Oh, god, I -- is that... is that what you think is happening here?!
Oh, God, well at least you're taking it back, I -- I think... 
Oh God, no, to suggest that I don't love Trip is... it's going too far!
What?!
Is -- is that really what you think?!
What?
Ah, you disagree, good, that should help him!
Uhh, Trip...
Look, if we're going to talk about marriage, all I can say is, it doesn't turn out the way you expect it to.
I'm not saying marriage is a bad idea or something, I'm just... 
saying I think it's hard to predict what it will actually be like...
Ah, thank you, it helps us to hear that!
Trip, I just expected being married to be different, that's all...
The thing about divorce... I -- I never used to be able to imagine myself as divorced...
well...
And now, I -- I don't know, I really don't know...
Ah, thank you, you disagree, that really helps us!
We can't pretend that's not a possibility, Trip, we have to talk about it!
Sex, sex, sex, why is sex such a big deal?
Why do people always talk about it so much, when it just makes so many people so unhappy?
Look, I know sex is supposed to be some sort of barometer for how healthy your marriage is... 
Yeah.
No, look, I'm just saying... sex seems like it's more trouble than it's worth.
It does!
Uhh...
Don't blame this on me.
Trip...
Look, I'm sorry, sex is... it's really just more trouble than it's worth.
It makes people unhappy, it does!
If you're talking about infidelity, heh, the interesting thing is, 
if -- if you think about doing it, ... you know it's wrong... 
But I think you only really understand how bad it is if your spouse does it... 
Right?
Ah, you agree, thank you, that helps me to hear that.
Yes, good, saying that might help Trip, he's very uncomfortable about this for some reason...
Uhh, that brass bull... it's just so infuriating... 
How you put that goddamn 'gift' on display in our own living room!!!
Ah, thank you, see, just saying that helps us...
What makes her so important?   Why do I feel like I'm competing against her?
Yes, good, ask questions, that might us understand this!
Mmm...
You're saying I'm... not depressed?  Uhh... well...
you're saying I'm... not afraid?  Uhh... well... 
you're saying I should... not paint?
you're saying I should... not quit my job?
no, I'm the one being controlled here!
you're saying I'm... not angry?  Yeah...
you're saying I'm... depressing?
Well I suppose anyone in my situation would be!
You mean like a hamster or something?
you're saying I'm... controlling?
That's ridiculous!  How can you say that?
you're saying I'm... not depressing?
These days, I don't know if that's true...
you're saying I'm... not communicative?
No, that's just wrong, I'm the one here who is able to actually say things...
What the hell are you talking about?!  That makes no sense!
Where did that come from?  You're making no sense!
What?!?  That's awful, where did that come from?  You're acting ridiculous!
What?!?  That's really rude, where did that come from?  You're acting crazy!
Oh,
look, I know you're trying to help, but right now we just need get this all out in the open...
Oh, 
thanks, but, what we need right now is to just get all this out in the open...
No, please don't take sides, it's going to do more harm than good!
No, please stop taking sides, it's just going to make it worse!
Look, you're going to really make it bad if you keep criticizing me!
Look, at this point, criticizing me is just going to make it really really bad!
Uhh, 
I think we discussed that already... 
you know, we already talked about that... 
no, please don't bring that up again...
no, we already talked about that...!
Oh my God,  
what is it with you?  Quit it with that!
why do you keep talking like this?  Uhh!
didn't we already talk about that topic?  
God, we already talked about that topic... 
God,  
can we just stop talking about Trip's stuff, please?  
I'm getting really tired of talking about Trip's stuff, God... 
from what you said before,
in -- in what you said before,
about marriage...
about wanting things...
about acting fake...
about passion...
about helping your spouse...
about hiding things...
about trust...
about flirting...
about forgiving...
I think we've already learned something about Trip.
I think that tells us something about Trip.
I think that shows us something about Trip.
Trip is just so...
Trip can just be so...
Trip is sometimes so...
Oh, we're talking about me, are we?
Oh, so we're talking about me, are we?
Oh, we're talking about me again, are we?
What?
What?
Trip, you're -- you're just so...
Trip you -- you can just be so...
Trip you -- you're sometimes so...
What?
What?
Look, let's talk about Trip now.
We should -- we should talk about Trip.
No I -- I want to talk about Trip.
Look, I think we should focus on Trip.
No, I want us to focus on Trip.
Look, why don't we talk about us, our relationship.
Look, let's not focus on just me or you, let's talk about us.
No let's -- let's focus on us, our relationship.
No, let's switch to talking about Trip.
Look, let's switch the focus to Trip.
No, I, I -- I want us to focus on Trip.
Let's keep talking about Trip.
Let's continue focusing on Trip.
Let's keep our focus on Trip.
Let's talk some more about Trip.
Let's keep talking about us, our relationship.
Let's keep the focus on us, our relationship.
Let's talk some more about us, our relationship.
Ah!
Aha!
Yes?
No?
Why?
What?
When?
Where?
Who?
How?
go over and talk to Trip.  Go over there.  We need to talk about Trip.
go over and talk to Trip.  Go over there.  We need to keep talking about Trip.
why don't you stand between us, we need to talk about both of us.
why don't you stand between us, we need to keep talking about both of us.
Yeah, good, 
stay over there, let's talk about Trip.
Yeah, good, 
stay over there, let's keep talking about Trip.
Yeah, good, 
keep standing there between us, we need to talk about us both.  
Yeah, good, 
keep standing there between us, we need to keep talking about us both.  
explain this to me!
what is it, is there something about me?
if there's something about me, just tell me what it is!
what, is there something I should do?
give me some advice here...!
tell me how I should be... I mean...
maybe you can explain this to me...
I mean, is there something about me...
if there's something about me, please tell me what it is...
I mean, is there something I should do...?
please give me some advice here...
just tell me how I should be... I -- I mean...
I mean, 
explain this to him!
help him understand!
could you give him some advice or something!
maybe he needs to hear it from you!
Oh God, I cannot believe this...
oh my god...
Uhh, this is insane...
Uhh, I can't believe this...
Goddammit...
Uhh...
What... I just...
Oh god...
this is so...
You know... uhh...
Why can't... uhh...
How can you say...
Why can't... uhh...
Uhh...

##10
Why is this happening?  Why is he doing this to me?
What is his problem?  Tell me please, what is his problem?
Is it me?  Tell me if it's me...
No, just give me a second, please... uhh...
No, don't, just leave me alone for a second... uhh...
No, don't, just give me a minute, please?  uhh...
Look, do you want me to leave?  I can't take this.  I'm going to leave.
Uhh, what's happening... why is this happening...
Oh God, would everyone please stop turning against me! Uhh!
No, don't, don't even talk to me... uhh...
No, no, don't say anything to me... just... uhh...
No, no, don't say anything to me... just...
Oh God... 
if you take his side in this, I swear I'll walk out the door...
Oh God... 
what should I do... I don't know what to do...
I can't... this is not... 
this... oh god...
Oh God... 
I'm going to cry... this is just...
No, don't... give me a second here... uhh...
No, wait, I can't... I need a minute to... uhh...
No, hold on, let -- let me just... I, I -- I need a... uhh...
Uhh, this is too much, I can't take this...
Uhh, you... uhh... does anyone... uhh...
Uhh, you... uhh... somebody please, just... uhh...
No, just leave me alone for a second, I don't want to... uhh...
No, look, I don't want to talk to you right now... uhh...
No, don't say anything to me... just leave me alone a second...
Okay, stop, I -- I can't do this anymore, goddammit!
Okay, goddammit, I can't do this anymore, just stop!
Okay, that's it, goddammit, I can't do this anymore!
I know what you're hinting at...
I know what you're trying to hint at...
I know what you're hinting at, okay?!
about me... 
about us... 
about art... 
about our marriage...
about our lifestyle...
No,  
wait, please, let me speak!
please, please, let me finish!
Do you two want to hear the honest truth?  Huh?  
Do you really want the honest truth? Huh?
do you want that? 
are you ready for that?
Trip, huh?
Trip?
yes or no?
say something!
No,  
just, yes or no, do you want the truth?
just, yes or no, do you want to hear the truth?
See, 
I've been listening carefully to what you've been saying tonight.
I've actually been paying close attention to what you've been saying tonight.
You've really been pushing me.
You've been pushing me tonight.
You've been trying to push me.
You've tried to push me tonight.
It makes me wonder if you're really my friend...?
And I wonder, are -- are you really my friend...?
Stop interrupting me, let me speak!
Stop interrupting me, let me finish!
And... we've been arguing and arguing and it's just not going anywhere.
And... it's just not going anywhere, it's just been a lot of pointless bickering.
I've got to ask you -- yes or no...
come on -- yes or no...
Do you really think that...
Do you really think that...
praising me...
praising Trip...
criticizing Trip...
flirting with me...
kissing me...
asking if we're okay?...
talking about the wedding picture...
talking about italy...
talking about work...
talking about our apartment...
talking about art...
talking about my parents...
talking about Trip's parents...
criticizing me...
flirting with Trip...
kissing Trip...
talking about marriage...
talking about divorce...
talking about sex...
talking about therapy...
talking about infidelity...
almost always siding with Trip...
acting inappropriately with me...
acting inappropriately to Trip...
acting like you're going to leave...
leaving the room on us...
telling me I'm controlling...
saying that Trip is controlling...
saying that Trip is loving...
telling me I'm not loved...
saying that Trip is not loved...
telling me I'm depressing...
saying that Trip is depressing...
telling me I'm depressed...
saying that Trip is depressed...
telling me I'm communicative...
saying that Trip is communicative...
telling me I'm not communicative...
saying that Trip is not communicative...
telling me I'm afraid...
saying that Trip is afraid...
telling me I'm not afraid...
saying that Trip is not afraid...
telling me I'm angry...
saying that Trip is angry...
telling me I'm not angry...
saying that Trip is not angry...
not defending me when I asked you if I was to blame...
telling me to make art...
telling Trip to make art...
telling me to quit my job...
telling Trip to quit his job...
suggesting we have more sex...
suggesting we get divorced...
suggesting that we separate...
suggesting that we have kids...
suggesting that we get a pet...
and worst of all, 
and worst of all, 
saying I need to be more loving...
telling me I'm lying...
saying that Trip is lying...
telling me I'm to blame...
saying that Trip is to blame...
suggesting that I don't love Trip...
suggesting that Trip doesn't love me...
suggesting that I'm cheating on Trip...
suggesting that Trip is cheating on me...
suggesting that I'm cheating on Trip...
suggesting that Trip is cheating on me...
suggesting that I hate my parents...
suggesting that I hate Trip's parents...
suggesting that Trip hates my parents...
suggesting that Trip hates his parents...
but especially what you said about listening too much to your spouse...
but especially what you said about wanting more than your spouse...
but especially what you said about having other things in your life...
but especially what you said about a spouse not being true to their self...
but especially what you said about trying to make your spouse better...
but especially what you said about hiding things from your spouse...
but especially what you said about helping out your spouse...
but especially what you said about trusting your spouse...
but especially what you said about flirting when you're married...
but especially what you said about forgiving and forgetting...
and what you said about listening too much to your spouse... 
and what you said about wanting more than your spouse... 
and what you said about having other things in your life... 
and what you said about a spouse not being their true self... 
and what you said about trying to make your spouse better... 
and what you said about hiding things from your spouse... 
and what you said about helping out your spouse... 
and what you said about trusting your spouse... 
and what you said about flirting when you're married... 
and what you said about forgiving and forgetting... 
and you don't even say 'yes' when I ask you if you want the truth...
that it's all supposed to make me realize something about myself?
that all that is supposed to help me understand something about myself?
that I'm supposed to realize something about myself from all that?
that we'll somehow realize something about our marriage?
that all that is supposed to help us realize something about us?
that we're supposed to now understand something about ourselves from all that?
No,  
Wait,  
let me finish!
Is what you've said tonight supposed to add up somehow, to something?
Is all of that arguing intended to mean something, or...
Is it supposed to add up to something meaningful, or... what?
Is what little you've said tonight supposed to add up somehow to something?
Was the little you've said tonight intended to mean something, or...
Is the little you've said tonight supposed to add up to something meaningful, or... what?
Is it?  I just want a yes or a no.
Is it?  Just give me a yes or a no.
This is not a trick question.
Okay.
Right.
Alright.
No?  Oh, well... I'm surprised you say that, I thought it did. 
No?  Oh... I'm surprised, I would have said yes, it did mean something.
No?  Huh, well, I thought it did add up to something, actually.
No, 
I just want a yes or no.
just give me a yes or a no.
No, no, it doesn't add up to anything.
No, no, actually it doesn't add up to anything.
No, no, it doesn't actually add up to anything.
No, of course not.  It doesn't add up to anything.
No, you're right, it doesn't add up to anything.
No, no, of course, it doesn't add up to anything.
See, you haven't told me anything I didn't already know.
So, you see, you haven't told me anything I didn't already know.
I guess you didn't tell me anything I didn't already know.
Yes...!
Trip!
don't leave yet!
don't leave now!
come back here!  Are you ready for that?
Get over here!  Yes or no?
Don't run away!
Come back here!
Don't try to hide!
Don't try to hide!
I painted this.
I am an artist, Trip, fuck you.
Everytime you go on a goddamn business trip, I paint.
So don't EVER give me any more of your 'you could never be an artist' crap!!
uhh...
What?
But Trip --
Uhh...
uhh...
Trip, I --
I let you stop me from being an artist.
I was afraid, Trip okay?
I -- I admit it.
I didn't know if -- if I could do it, be a real artist...
And I've been using you as an excuse for why I didn't do it.
uhh...
Trip...
Through our whole marriage...
I've let you dominate me. 
As a kid my parents took care of everything, bought me whatever I wanted...
made decisions for me. 
Trip -- I've used you -- and our apartment full of expensive crap -- to hide.
to hide.
To avoid responsibility for myself.
I can't avoid growing up forever, Trip.
uhh...
Poor?  Trip, we have so much! What do you --
So you weren't rich, but --
Oh my God...!
What!? Your parents are great. 
I love seeing them...
But they're real. I hate how my parents are pretending to be something --
Trip... really? ... I don't --
Trip...
uhh...
In college...
I was in love with someone else.
An art major, named Vince. 
And...
And I slept with him.
The night before you proposed to me.
I jinxed our marriage, Trip.
I jinxed it.  I'm sorry.
This is all my fault.
Oh my God.
But how could you --
Maria.
uhh...
You manipulated me.
And I never did anything about it.
And here we are.
uhh...
Oh my God...!
Oh my God...!
I, uhh...
I, uhh...
Wait, 
Trip, there's more...
More?
I'm going to give you the truth too, Trip.
I --
What?!
Oh my God...!
I, uhh...
Okay, 
Trip, I have one more thing to say...
Again?!
This is too much!!!
I, uhh...
Okay... look...  
Alright... look...  
We're... we're actually fine... everything's fine...
Everything's fine, we're not... uhh... we're fine...
I -- I think it's okay if you... need to go...
If -- if you need to go, you -- you know, that's fine...
Look, 
You know, 
nothing's changed, we're fine...  we'll see you out.
we're fine, nothing's changed...  we'll see you out.
Come on, 
Come on, 
the evening's over... there's nothing more to say...
there's nothing more to say tonight, okay?
And no you don't have to be nice anymore, we're -- we're fine...
And there's no need to disagree or criticize us anymore...  we're fine...
And there's no need to be rude anymore...  we're fine...
Come out from there!
No, no more need to be nice, okay?
No, no more need to be difficult, okay?
No, no more need to be rude, okay?
Please come back out here!
Look, we'll see you... we -- we'll see you later, or -- or something.
So we'll... we'll call you later, or something.
Alright, so, so we'll see you sometime, don't -- don't be a stranger.
Come on, 
Oh,
just go, please...
just go home, okay?
How could you say all that to me?
How could you speak to me that way?
You were so awful tonight.
This isn't about me, this is all your problems!
You have so many problems I don't even know what to do!
Have you ever thought to consider my feelings for once?
Yeah...
Yeah... yeah.
It was nice to see you.
It -- it's wonderful you could come over, heh heh.
Thank for you coming over, it was... nice.
Look, we're glad you came over, but why don't you just go now.
Uh, it -- it's nice that you came over, but it's time to say goodnight.
please...
we'll see you later, okay?
Bye...
Good night...
Be safe...
Nice seeing you...
This changes everything...
Trip, what --
Wha... You just told me --
Wha... b -- but you just said --
Yes, and like I said...
I am an artist -- but you can't see that.
I am an artist -- but y -- you can't see that.
and...
From the beginning, I've let you control me.
but...
I ruined everything from the start.
Trip, no, I... we...
Us...?  Our -- our marriage...?  Hey, no, wait!
Us...?  Our marriage...?  What?  No, wait!
Trip!
Trip!!
Oh my God...
Oh my God...
I should have told him that I...  
I should have told him that...
I could have told him that...
I -- I could have told him that...
Yes, it does change everything.
I think it's over.
No!!
It's over, Trip, don't you see that?
I just told you something about me I should have said a long time ago
No, Trip, this is about me.  I see now it's not about you, or about our marriage.
See, Trip, this is about me, as a person... and about you as a person... but it's --
not about us, about our marriage.  I see that now...
See, Trip, this is about me, as a person... and about you as a person, but it's not about us... 
about our marriage.  I see that now...
I'm sorry.  Thank you, though, you really helped me.
I'm sorry.  But thank you, you -- you really helped me.
And no, 
hold on...
And no, 
please...
And no, 
enough of that already...
Don't hide in there!
And no, 
please, it's okay...
And no, 
no more!
And no, 
enough!
Please come back out here!
Wha... I just told you --
I've been using you as an excuse to not be an artist...
You're really ashamed of your past... and you wish you had mine...
You manipulated me into marrying you...
Trip, no, I... you...
I just told you something about us I should have said a long time ago
You just told me something about us you should have said a long time ago
No, Trip, this isn't about you, or me, it's about us... 
Our marriage.  I see that now.
I'm sorry.  But thank you, you -- you really helped us.
I'm sorry.  Thank you, though, you really helped us.
Trip, I --
Not about me...?  Hey, no, wait!
And about me...
No, Trip, this about me, and it's about us, but it's not about you...
Yeah.
You finally admitted it -- you just don't want me to be an artist...
You... you're terribly afraid of being poor.
You finally admitted it -- you felt very alone... and you had an affair...
No, I -- I let you do it...
But at least you had a real upbringing, it's me who had a fake one...
No, I -- I let it happen...
we...
Yeah.
Bye.  Thanks.
This changes everything...
I --
Look, we need to talk...
Thanks for coming over, you... I think you helped us.
And no, 
you don't need to say anything more...
And no, 
please...
And no, 
enough of that already...
Please don't hide!
And no, 
please, it's okay...
And no, 
no more of that...
And no, 
enough!
Please come back out here!
What?  What are you saying to me?
Huh?  What are you saying to me?
What, what are you saying?
What, what's that, what are you saying?
Huh?  What, what was that?
What?  I -- what are you saying to me?
Huh?  What is this you're saying?
Are -- what, what are you saying?
What, what's that, what?
Huh?  I don't -- what are you saying?
Yeah, okay, again with that, okay...
Alright, yeah, fine...
Okay, I hear you, I hear you...
Okay, yeah, I hear you, alright?
Uhh, can you -- can you just...
